424B2

1

d827430d424b2.htm

424B2

424B2

Table of Contents

Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) 
 Registration No. 333-230098
 

 
 
The information in this prospectus supplement is not complete and
may be changed. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.

 
 
 
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION,
DATED OCTOBER 31, 2019 
 
 
 
Prospectus Supplement 

(To Prospectus dated April 11, 2019) 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
             DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 
EACH REPRESENTING A 1/400
th
 INTEREST IN A SHARE OF 

    % 
NON-CUMULATIVE
 PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES GG 

 
 
We are offering
             depositary shares, each representing a
1/400
th
 interest in a share of our perpetual
    % 
Non-Cumulative
 Preferred Stock, Series GG, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share) (the “Preferred
Stock”). Each depositary share entitles the holder, through the depositary, to a proportional fractional interest in all rights, powers and preferences of the Preferred Stock represented by the depositary share. 

 
 
We will pay dividends on the Preferred Stock, when, as, and if declared by
our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of     % per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on 
                    ,
                    ,                      and
                     of each year, beginning on
                    . Dividends on the Preferred Stock will not be cumulative. Upon the payment of any dividends on the Preferred Stock, holders of
depositary shares will receive a related proportionate payment. 
 
 

We may redeem the Preferred Stock on any dividend payment date on or after
                    , in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per
depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. We may also redeem the Preferred Stock upon certain events involving capital treatment as described in this prospectus supplement, subject
to regulatory approval. If we redeem any Preferred Stock, the depositary will redeem the related depositary shares. 
 
 

See “
Risk Factors
” beginning on page 
S-6
 for a discussion of certain risks that you
should consider in connection with an investment in the depositary shares. 
 
 
 
Neither the Preferred Stock nor the depositary shares are deposits or other obligations of a bank or are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. 

 
 
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of the depositary shares or Preferred Stock or determined that this prospectus supplement or the attached prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

 
 

 

 

 

 

  

Per
Depositary
Share

 

    

Total(2)

 

 
Public Offering
Price
(1)

  

$

             

 

    

$

             

 

 
Underwriting Commissions(3)

  

$

             

 

    

$

             

 

 
Proceeds (before
expenses)
(3)

  

$

             

 

    

$

             

 

(1)

 

The public offering price does not include accumulated dividends, if any, that may be declared. Dividends, if declared, will accumulate from the date of original
issuance, which is expected to be                     . 

(2)

 

The underwriters also may purchase up to an additional              depositary shares within 30 days of the
date of this prospectus supplement in order to cover over-allotments, if any. 

(3)

 

The underwriting commissions of $             per depositary share will be deducted from the public offering
price; provided, however, that for sales to certain institutions, the underwriting commissions deducted will be $             per depositary share, which will increase the proceeds to us
with respect to these depositary shares by $            . 
 
 

We intend to apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “JPM PR J”. If the application is approved,
trading of the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange is expected to begin within 30 days after they are first issued. 
 
 

We expect to deliver the depositary shares to investors through the book-entry delivery system of The Depository Trust Company and its direct
participants, including Euroclear and Clearstream, on or about                  , 2019. 

 
 
Our affiliates, including J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, may use this
prospectus supplement and the attached prospectus in connection with offers and sales of the depositary shares in the secondary market. These affiliates may act as principal or agent in those transactions. Secondary market sales will be made at
prices related to market prices at the time of sale. 
 
 
 
Sole Bookrunner 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan 
 
 
 
                 , 2019 

Table of Contents

In making your investment decision, you should rely only on the information contained or
incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the attached prospectus and any relevant free writing prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any other information. If you receive any information not authorized by
us, you should not rely on it. 
 
 
 
We are offering to sell the
depositary shares only in places where sales are permitted. 
 
 

You should not assume that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the attached prospectus or any
relevant free writing prospectus is accurate as of any date other than its respective date. 
 
 

 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

 

  

Page

 

 
Prospectus Supplement

  

 

 

 

 
Summary

  

 

S-3

 

 
Risk Factors

  

 

S-6

 

 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.

  

 

S-9

 

 
Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase

  

 

S-10

 

 
Use of Proceeds

  

 

S-11

 

 
Description of the Preferred Stock

  

 

S-12

 

 
Description of the Depositary Shares

  

 

S-20

 

 
Registration and Settlement

  

 

S-23

 

 
Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations

  

 

S-24

 

 
Certain ERISA Considerations

  

 

S-29

 

 
Underwriting

  

 

S-31

 

 
Conflicts of Interest

  

 

S-34

 

 
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

  

 

S-35

 

 
Legal Opinions

  

 

S-35

 

 

  

Page

 

 
Prospectus

  

 

 

 

 
Summary

  

 

2

 

 
Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase

  

 

6

 

 
Important Factors that may Affect Future Results

  

 

7

 

 
Use of Proceeds

  

 

9

 

 
Description of Debt Securities

  

 

10

 

 
Description of Preferred Stock

  

 

20

 

 
Description of Depositary Shares

  

 

33

 

 
Description of Common Stock

  

 

34

 

 
Description of Securities Warrants

  

 

35

 

 
Description of Currency Warrants

  

 

35

 

 
Description of Units

  

 

37

 

 
Book-Entry Issuance

  

 

38

 

 
Plan of Distribution

  

 

42

 

 
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

  

 

43

 

 
Legal Opinions

  

 

43

 

 
 
S-2

Table of Contents

SUMMARY 

 
 
The following information about the depositary shares and the Preferred
Stock summarizes, and should be read in conjunction with, the information contained in this prospectus supplement and in the attached prospectus. 
 
 

Securities Offered 
 
 

We are offering              depositary shares (or
             depositary shares if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full), each of which represents a 1/400
th
 interest in a share of our Preferred Stock, with each share of Preferred Stock having a liquidation preference of
$10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share). Each depositary share entitles the holder to a proportional fractional interest in the Preferred Stock represented by that depositary share, including dividend, liquidation,
redemption and voting rights. 
 
 
 
In addition, we may from time to
time elect to issue additional depositary shares representing shares of the Preferred Stock, and all the additional shares would be deemed to form a single series with the depositary shares representing shares of the Preferred Stock offered by this
prospectus supplement. 
 
 
 
Dividends 

 
 
Holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as, and if
declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, out of assets legally available for payment, 
non-cumulative
 cash dividends based on the liquidation preference of
$10,000 per share of the Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25 per depositary share). 
 
 
 
If declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, we will pay dividends on the Preferred Stock quarterly in arrears, on
                    ,                     ,
                     and                      of
each year, beginning on                      (each such day on which dividends are payable, a “dividend payment date”). We refer to the
period from and including any dividend payment date to but excluding the next dividend payment date as a “dividend period,” provided that the initial dividend period will be the period from and including the original issue date of the
Preferred Stock to but excluding the next dividend payment date. 
 
 

Dividends on the Preferred Stock will accrue from the original issue date at a rate equal to     % per annum for each quarterly
dividend period. Upon the payment of any dividends on the Preferred Stock, holders of depositary shares will receive a related proportionate payment. 
 
 

Dividends on shares of the Preferred Stock will be 
non-cumulative.
 To the extent that any dividends on shares of
the Preferred Stock with respect to any dividend period are not declared and paid, in full or otherwise, on the dividend payment date for such dividend period, then such unpaid dividends will not cumulate and will cease to accrue and be payable, and
we will have no obligation to pay, and the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock will have no right to receive, accrued and unpaid dividends for such dividend period on or after the dividend payment date for such dividend period, whether or not
dividends are declared for any subsequent dividend period with respect to the Preferred Stock or for any future dividend period with respect to any other series of our preferred stock or our common stock. In such a case, no dividends will be paid on
the depositary shares. 
 
 
 
We will not declare or pay or set aside
for payment full dividends on any of our preferred stock ranking as to dividends on a parity with or junior to the Preferred Stock for any period unless full dividends on the shares of the Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend
period have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid (or have been declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for such payment). When dividends are not paid in full on the Preferred Stock and any other series of
preferred stock 

 
 
S-3

Table of Contents

ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Preferred Stock, all dividends declared and paid upon the shares of the Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity as
to dividends with the Preferred Stock will be declared and paid pro rata. 
 
 
 
So long as any shares of the Preferred Stock are outstanding, unless full dividends on all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock have been declared and paid or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof
set aside for such payment in respect of the most recently completed dividend period: 
 
 
 
•  no dividend (other than a dividend in common stock or in any other capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up)
 will be declared or paid or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for such payment or other distribution declared or made upon our common stock or upon any other capital stock ranking junior
to the Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 and 
 
 

•  no common stock or other capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon
liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up
 will be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any shares of
any such capital stock) by us, 
 
 

subject to certain limited exceptions described under “Description of the Preferred Stock—Dividends”.

 
 
 
Rights upon Liquidation 

 
 
In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive and to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders the amount of $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per
depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, before we make any payment or distribution on our common stock or on any other capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred
Stock upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. After the payment to the holders of the shares of the Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts to which they are entitled, the holders of the Preferred Stock as such will have no right
or claim to any of our remaining assets. If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 we fail to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to the Preferred Stock and any
other shares of our capital stock ranking as to any such distribution of our assets on a parity with the Preferred Stock, the holders of the Preferred Stock and of such other shares will share ratably in any such distribution of our assets in
proportion to the full respective distributions to which they are entitled. Neither the sale of all or substantially all of our property or business, nor our merger or consolidation into or with any other entity or the merger or consolidation of any
other entity into or with us, will be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 voluntary or involuntary, of us. 

 
 
Optional Redemption 

 
 
The Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. We may redeem,
out of assets legally available therefor, the Preferred Stock on any dividend payment date on or after                     , in whole, or from time
to time in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. In addition, at any time within 90 days after a
“capital treatment event,” as described herein, we may provide notice of our intent to redeem the Preferred Stock and may subsequently redeem, out of assets legally available therefor, the Preferred Stock, in whole but not in part, at a
redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. 

 
 
S-4

Table of Contents

Redemption of the Preferred Stock is subject to our receipt of any required prior approvals from the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or the “Federal Reserve Board,” or any other regulatory authority. Our redemption of the Preferred Stock will cause the redemption of the corresponding depositary shares. Neither the
holders of the Preferred Stock nor the holders of the related depositary shares will have the right to require redemption. 
 
 

See “Description of the Depositary Shares” and “Description of the Preferred Stock” for further information about redemptions or
repurchases of the depositary shares or shares of the Preferred Stock. 
 
 
 
Voting Rights 
 
 

The holders of the Preferred Stock and of the depositary shares will not have voting rights, except as specifically required by applicable law and except
as provided below under “Description of the Preferred Stock—Voting Rights.” For more information about voting rights, see “Description of the Preferred Stock—Voting Rights” and “Description of the Depositary
Shares—Voting the Preferred Stock” in this prospectus supplement. 
 
 
 
Ranking 
 
 
 
The
Preferred Stock will rank, as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 on a parity with any series of preferred stock ranking on a parity with the
Preferred Stock, including our outstanding series of preferred stock described below under “Description of the Preferred Stock—Other Preferred Stock,” and senior to our common stock and to any series of preferred stock ranking junior
to the Preferred Stock. 
 
 
 
Preemptive and Conversion Rights

 
 
 
The Preferred Stock is not subject to any preemptive rights
and is not convertible into property or shares of any other class or series of our capital stock. The holders of the depositary shares do not have any preemptive or conversion rights. 
 
 
 
Listing 
 
 

We intend to apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “JPM PR J”. If the application is
approved, trading of the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange is expected to commence within 30 days after they are first issued. We do not expect that there will be any separate public trading market for the shares of the Preferred
Stock, except as represented by the depositary shares. 
 
 

Depositary, Transfer Agent, and Registrar 
 
 

Computershare Inc. will serve as depositary, transfer agent and registrar for the Preferred Stock and the depositary shares. 

 
 
Risk Factors 
 
 
 
See “Risk Factors” on page S-6 in this prospectus supplement for a discussion of factors you should consider
carefully before deciding to invest in the depositary shares. 

 
 
S-5

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS 

 
 
Your investment in the depositary shares will involve certain risks. You
should carefully consider the following discussion of risks and the other information contained in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and all subsequent filings under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, before deciding whether an investment
in the depositary shares is suitable for you. 
 
 
 
You are
making an investment decision about the depositary shares as well as our Preferred Stock. 
 
 
 
As described in this prospectus supplement, we are offering depositary shares representing fractional interests in shares of our Preferred Stock. The depositary will rely solely on the dividend payments
on the Preferred Stock it receives from us to fund all dividend payments on the depositary shares. You should review carefully the information in this prospectus supplement and the attached prospectus regarding the depositary shares and our
Preferred Stock. 
 
 
 
The Preferred Stock is an equity security and
is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness. 
 
 
 
The
shares of Preferred Stock are equity interests and do not constitute indebtedness. This means that the Preferred Stock will rank junior to all of our indebtedness and to other 
non-equity
 claims on us and our
assets, including claims in our liquidation. Our existing and future indebtedness may restrict payment of dividends on the Preferred Stock. In addition, holders of the depositary shares representing the Preferred Stock may be fully subordinated to
interests held by the U.S. government in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
 
 

Additionally, unlike indebtedness, where principal and interest customarily are payable on specified due dates, in the case of preferred stock like the
Preferred Stock, (1) dividends are payable only if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board and (2) as a corporation, we are subject to restrictions on dividend payments and redemption payments out of
lawfully available assets. Further, the Preferred Stock places no restrictions on our business or operations or on our ability to incur indebtedness or engage in any transactions, subject only to the limited voting rights referred to below under
“—Holders of the Preferred Stock will have limited voting rights.” 
 
 
 
Dividends on the Preferred Stock are discretionary and 
non-cumulative.
 

 
 
Dividends on the Preferred Stock are discretionary and 
non-cumulative.
 Consequently, if our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board does not authorize and declare a dividend for any dividend period prior to the related dividend payment date,
holders of the Preferred Stock would not be entitled to receive a dividend for that dividend period, and the unpaid dividend will cease to accrue and be payable. We will have no obligation to pay dividends accrued for a dividend period after the
dividend payment date for that period if our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of the board has not declared a dividend before the related dividend payment date, whether or not dividends on the Preferred Stock or any other series of
our preferred stock or our common stock are declared for any future dividend period. In addition, under the Federal Reserve Board’s capital rules, dividends on the Preferred Stock may only be paid out of our net income, retained earnings or
surplus related to other additional Tier 1 capital instruments. 
 
 

We may be able to redeem the Preferred Stock prior to
                    . 
 
 

By its terms, the Preferred Stock may be redeemed by us in whole, but not in part, prior to
                     upon our determination in good faith that an event has occurred that would constitute a “capital treatment event,”
subject to the approval of the appropriate federal banking agency. See “Description of the Preferred Stock—Optional Redemption.” 

 
 
S-6

Table of Contents

Investors should not expect us to redeem the Preferred Stock on the date it becomes redeemable or on
any particular date after it becomes redeemable. 
 
 
 
The
Preferred Stock is a perpetual equity security. This means that it has no maturity or mandatory redemption date and is not redeemable at the option of investors, including the holders of the depositary shares offered by this prospectus supplement.
The Preferred Stock may be redeemed by us at our option, either in whole, or from time to time in part, on any dividend payment date on or after
                     or, prior to that date, under certain circumstances after the occurrence of a capital treatment event. Any decision we may make
at any time to propose a redemption of the Preferred Stock will depend upon, among other things, our evaluation of our capital position, the composition of our stockholders’ equity, and general market conditions at that time. 

 
 
Our right to redeem the Preferred Stock is subject to limitations. Under the
Federal Reserve Board’s current risk-based capital guidelines applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. We cannot assure you that the Federal Reserve
Board will approve any redemption of the Preferred Stock that we may propose. There also can be no assurance that, if we propose to redeem the Preferred Stock without replacing the Preferred Stock with common equity Tier 1 capital or additional
Tier 1 capital instruments, the Federal Reserve Board will authorize the redemption. We understand that the factors that the Federal Reserve Board will consider in evaluating a proposed redemption, or a request that we be permitted to redeem
the Preferred Stock without replacing it with common equity Tier 1 capital or additional Tier 1 capital instruments, include its evaluation of the overall level and quality of our capital components, considered in light of our risk exposures,
earnings and growth strategy, and other supervisory considerations, although the Federal Reserve Board may change these factors at any time. 
 
 

If the Preferred Stock is redeemed, the corresponding redemption of the depositary shares would be a taxable event to you. In addition, you might not be
able to reinvest the money you receive upon redemption of the depositary shares in a similar security. 
 
 
 
If we are deferring payments on our outstanding junior subordinated notes or are in default under the indentures governing those securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions on or
redeeming the Preferred Stock. 
 
 
 
The terms of our outstanding
junior subordinated notes prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on our preferred stock, including the Preferred Stock, or redeeming, purchasing, acquiring, or making a liquidation payment on the Preferred Stock, if an
event of default under the indentures governing those junior subordinated notes has occurred and is continuing or at any time when we have deferred payment of interest on those junior subordinated notes. 

 
 
Holders of the Preferred Stock will have limited voting rights.

 
 
 
Holders of the Preferred Stock have no voting rights with
respect to matters that generally require the approval of voting stockholders. Holders of the Preferred Stock will have voting rights only as specifically required by applicable law and as described below under “Description of the Preferred
Stock—Voting Rights.” Holders of depositary shares must act through the depositary to exercise any voting rights of the Preferred Stock. 
 
 

We are a holding company and depend on the cash flows of our subsidiaries to fund payments of dividends on the Preferred Stock. 

 
 
As a holding company, JPMorgan Chase & Co. is dependent on the earnings
of its subsidiaries to meet its payment obligations. Under the arrangements contemplated by the resolution plan submitted by JPMorgan Chase 

 
 
S-7

Table of Contents

& Co. to its banking regulators (the “Resolution Plan”), JPMorgan Chase & Co. has established an intermediate holding company, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, and has contributed
to JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC the stock of substantially all of its direct subsidiaries (other than JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) as well as other assets and intercompany indebtedness owing to it. Under these arrangements, JPMorgan Chase & Co. is
obligated to contribute to JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC substantially all the net proceeds received by it from securities issuances (including, without limitation, issuances of senior and subordinated debt securities and of preferred and common
stock). As a result of these arrangements, JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s ability to pay interest on its debt securities and dividends on its equity securities (including the Preferred Stock), to redeem or repurchase its outstanding securities and
to fulfill its other payment obligations is dependent on it receiving dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and dividends and extensions of credit from JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC. 
 
 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is subject to restrictions on its dividend distributions, capital adequacy and liquidity coverage
requirements, and other regulatory restrictions on its ability to make payments to JPMorgan Chase & Co., and JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC is prohibited from paying dividends or extending credit to JPMorgan Chase & Co. if certain capital or
liquidity “thresholds” are breached or if limits are otherwise imposed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s management or board of directors. These regulatory restrictions and limitations on the payments that JPMorgan Chase & Co. is
permitted to receive from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC could reduce or hinder its ability to pay dividends and satisfy its debt and other obligations, or result in JPMorgan Chase & Co. seeking protection under
bankruptcy laws at a time earlier than would have been the case absent the existence of such thresholds. 
 
 
 
In addition, JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s right to participate in any distribution of assets from any subsidiary, upon the subsidiary’s liquidation or otherwise, is subject to the prior claims of
creditors of that subsidiary, except to the extent that JPMorgan Chase & Co. is recognized as a creditor of that subsidiary. As a result, the Preferred Stock will be effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of JPMorgan
Chase & Co.’s subsidiaries. 
 
 
 
Trading characteristics
of the depositary shares. 
 
 
 
The depositary shares are a new
issue of securities, and there is currently no established trading market for the depositary shares. We intend to apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “JPM PR J”. If the application
is approved, we expect trading of the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange to begin within a 
30-day
 period after the initial issuance of the depositary shares. The underwriters have advised us that
they intend to make a market in the depositary shares prior to the date trading on the New York Stock Exchange begins. However, they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making in the depositary shares at any time in their sole
discretion. Therefore, we cannot assure you that a liquid trading market for the depositary shares will develop, that you will be able to sell your depositary shares at a particular time or that the price you receive when you sell will be favorable.

 
 
S-8

Table of Contents

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO. 

 
 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., which we refer to as “JPMorgan Chase,”
“we” or “us,” is a leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase is a leader in investment banking, financial services for
consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, JPMorgan Chase serves millions of customers in the U.S. and many of the world’s most prominent
corporate, institutional and government clients. 
 
 
 
JPMorgan Chase
is a financial holding company and was incorporated under Delaware law on October 28, 1968. JPMorgan Chase’s principal bank subsidiary is JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national bank with branches in 28 states and Washington, D.C. JPMorgan
Chase’s principal nonbank subsidiary is J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, a U.S. broker-dealer. JPMorgan Chase’s principal operating subsidiary in the United Kingdom is J.P. Morgan Securities plc, a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

 
 
 
The principal executive office of JPMorgan Chase is located at
383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, U.S.A., and its telephone number is 
(212) 270-6000.
 

 
 
S-9

Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
 
ABOUT JPMORGAN CHASE 

 
 
We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other
information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Our SEC filings are available to the public on the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Such documents, reports and information are also available on
our website at https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/financial-information/sec-filings. Information on our website does not constitute part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. 

 
 
The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” into this
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus the information in documents we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is
considered to be a part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, and later information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information. 
 
 
 
We incorporate by reference (i) the documents listed below and (ii) any future filings we make with the SEC after the date of
this prospectus supplement under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14, or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 until our offering is completed, other than, in each case, those documents or the portions of those documents which are furnished and not
filed: 
 
 

 

(a)

 

Our Annual Report on 
Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2018;

 
 

 

(b)

 

Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended 
March 31, 2019

and 
June 30, 2019
; and 
 
 

 

(c)

 

Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on 
January 15, 2019
, 
January
 17, 2019
, 
January 24, 2019
, 
January 29, 2019
, 
January
 30, 2019
, 
March 7, 2019
, 
March 15, 2019
, 
March
 22, 2019
, 
April 12, 2019
, 
April 17, 2019
, 
April
 24, 2019
, 
May 6, 2019
, 
May 24, 2019
, 
June
 27, 2019
, 
July 16, 2019
, 
July 31, 2019
, 
August
 2, 2019
, 
August 20, 2019
, 
September 12, 2019
, 
September
 26, 2019
 and 
October 15, 2019
. 
 
 

You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing to or telephoning us at the following address: 

 
 
Office of the Secretary 

JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
4 New York Plaza 
 
New York, New York 10004 

212-270-6000 

 
 
S-10

Table of Contents

USE OF PROCEEDS 

 
 
We will contribute the net proceeds that we receive from the sale of the
depositary shares offered by this prospectus supplement to our “intermediate holding company” subsidiary, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, which will use those net proceeds for general corporate purposes. General corporate purposes may include
investments in our subsidiaries, payments of dividends to us, extensions of credit to us or our subsidiaries or the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansion. Net proceeds may be temporarily invested pending application for their
stated purpose. Interest on our debt securities and dividends on our equity securities (including dividends on the Preferred Stock represented by the depositary shares offered by this prospectus supplement), as well as redemptions or repurchases of
our outstanding securities, will be made using amounts we receive as dividends or extensions of credit from JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC or as dividends from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

 
 
S-11

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED STOCK 

 
 
The terms of the Preferred Stock are set forth in the Certificate of
Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of the Preferred Stock (the “Certificate of Designations”). We have summarized below certain terms of the Certificate of Designations. This summary supplements the general description of
preferred stock under “Description of Preferred Stock” in the accompanying prospectus. If any information regarding the Preferred Stock contained in the Certificate of Designations is inconsistent with the information in this prospectus
supplement and the prospectus, the information in the Certificate of Designations will apply and will supersede information in this prospectus supplement and the prospectus. This summary is not complete. You should refer to the Certificate of
Designations which will be filed in a Current Report on Form 
8-K.
 
 
 
 
General 
 
 
 
The
Preferred Stock represents a single series of our authorized preferred stock. We are offering              depositary shares, representing
             shares of the Preferred Stock in the aggregate, or              depositary shares, representing
             shares of the Preferred Stock in the aggregate if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full, by this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus.
We may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of holders of the Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of the Preferred Stock. The additional shares of Preferred Stock would be deemed to form a single series with the Preferred Stock
represented by depositary shares offered by this prospectus supplement. 
 
 
 
Upon issuance against full payment of the purchase price for the depositary shares, the shares of the Preferred Stock will be fully paid and nonassessable. The depositary will be the sole holder of the
shares of the Preferred Stock. The holders of depositary shares will be required to exercise their proportional rights in the Preferred Stock through the depositary, as described in “Description of the Depositary Shares” in this prospectus
supplement. 
 
 
 
The Preferred Stock will rank senior to our common
stock and to any of our other capital stock that states that it is made junior to our preferred stock as to payment of dividends and distribution of our assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up.

The Preferred Stock will rank on a parity with our outstanding series of preferred stock described below under “—Other Preferred Stock.” The Preferred Stock will be subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness. 

 
 
The Preferred Stock will not be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares
of any other class or series of our capital stock or other securities and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation to redeem or repurchase the Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock is not secured, is not guaranteed by us or any of
our affiliates and is not subject to any other arrangement that legally or economically enhances the ranking of the Preferred Stock. 
 
 

Dividends 
 
 
 
Holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, out of assets legally available
for payment, 
non-cumulative
 cash dividends based on the liquidation preference of $10,000 per share of the Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25 per depositary share). 

 
 
If declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our
board of directors, we will pay dividends on the Preferred Stock quarterly in arrears, on                     ,
                    ,                      and
                     of each year, beginning on
                    . 
 
 

Dividends on the Preferred Stock will accrue from the original issue date at a rate equal to     % per annum for each quarterly
dividend period. We will calculate dividends on the Preferred Stock on the basis of a 
360-day
 year 

 
 
S-12

Table of Contents

of twelve 
30-day
 months. Dollar amounts resulting from those calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent, with

one-half
 cent being rounded upward. 
 
 
 
We will pay dividends to the holders of record of shares of the Preferred Stock as they appear on our stock register on such record date, not more than 30 days before the applicable payment date, as will
be fixed by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board. In the event that any dividend payment date falls on a day that is not a business day, the dividend payment due on that date will be postponed to the next day that is a
business day and no additional dividends will accrue as a result of that postponement. As used in this prospectus supplement, a “business day” means any weekday that is not a legal holiday in New York, New York and is not a day on which
banking institutions in New York, New York are authorized or required by law or regulation to be closed. 
 
 
 
If we call the Preferred Stock for redemption, dividends on shares of the Preferred Stock will cease to accrue on the applicable redemption date as described below under “—Optional
Redemption.” 
 
 
 
Dividends on shares of the Preferred Stock will
be 
non-cumulative.
 To the extent that any dividends on shares of the Preferred Stock with respect to any dividend period are not declared and paid, in full or otherwise, on the dividend payment date for such
dividend period, then such unpaid dividends will not cumulate and will cease to accrue and be payable, and we will have no obligation to pay, and the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock will have no right to receive, accrued and unpaid
dividends for such dividend period on or after the dividend payment date for such dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared for any subsequent dividend period with respect to the Preferred Stock or for any future dividend period with
respect to any other series of our preferred stock or our common stock. We will not pay interest or any sum of money instead of interest in respect of any dividend that is not declared, or if declared is not paid, on the Preferred Stock. 

 
 
We will not declare or pay or set aside for payment full dividends on any of
our preferred stock ranking as to dividends on a parity with or junior to the Preferred Stock for any period unless full dividends on the shares of the Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period have been or contemporaneously
are declared and paid (or have been declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for such payment). When dividends are not paid in full on the Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity as
to dividends with the Preferred Stock, all dividends declared and paid upon the shares of the Preferred Stock and any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Preferred Stock will be declared and paid pro rata.
For purposes of calculating the pro rata allocation of partial dividend payments, we will allocate dividend payments based on the ratio between the then-current dividends due on shares of Preferred Stock and (i) in the case of any series of 
non-cumulative
 preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Preferred Stock, the aggregate of the current and unpaid dividends due on such series of preferred stock and (ii) in the case of any
series of cumulative preferred stock ranking on a parity as to dividends with the Preferred Stock, the aggregate of the current and accumulated and unpaid dividends due on such series of preferred stock. 

 
 
So long as any shares of the Preferred Stock are outstanding, unless full
dividends on all outstanding shares of the Preferred Stock have been declared and paid or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for such payment in respect of the most recently completed dividend period: 

 
 
•  no dividend (other than a dividend in
common stock or in any other capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up)
 will be declared or paid or a sum sufficient for the payment
thereof set aside for such payment or other distribution declared or made upon our common stock or upon any other capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or

winding-up,
 and 

 
 
S-13

Table of Contents

•  no common stock or other capital stock ranking junior to or on a
parity with the Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up
 will be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made
available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any shares of any such capital stock) by us, except 
 
 

(1) by conversion into or exchange for capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock; 

 
 
(2) as a result of reclassification into capital stock
ranking junior to the Preferred Stock; 
 
 
 
(3)
through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of shares of capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock or, in the case of capital stock ranking on a parity with the Preferred Stock, through the use of the proceeds
of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of capital stock ranking on a parity with the Preferred Stock; 
 
 

(4) in the case of capital stock ranking on a parity with the Preferred Stock, pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all or a pro rata
portion of the shares of Preferred Stock and such capital stock ranking on a parity with the Preferred Stock; 
 
 

(5) in connection with the satisfaction of our obligations pursuant to any contract entered into in the ordinary course prior to the
beginning of the most recently completed dividend period; or 
 
 
 
(6) any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock pursuant to any of our or our subsidiaries’ employee, consultant or director incentive or
benefit plans or arrangements (including any employment, severance or consulting arrangements) adopted before or after the issuance of the Preferred Stock. 
 
 

However, the foregoing will not restrict the ability of us or any of our affiliates to engage in underwriting, stabilization, market-making or similar
transactions in our capital stock in the ordinary course of business. Subject to the conditions described above, and not otherwise, dividends (payable in cash, capital stock, or otherwise), as may be determined by our board of directors or a duly
authorized committee of our board, may be declared and paid on our common stock and any other capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the
holders of the Preferred Stock will not be entitled to participate in those dividends. 
 
 
 
As used in this prospectus supplement, “junior to the Preferred Stock” and like terms refer to our common stock and any other class or series of our capital stock over which the Preferred Stock
has preference or priority, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 or both, as the context may require; “parity preferred stock” and “on a parity with the
Preferred Stock” and like terms refer to any class or series of our capital stock that ranks on a parity with the shares of the Preferred Stock, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or

winding-up,
 or both, as the context may require; and “senior to the Preferred Stock” and like terms refer to any class or series of our capital stock that ranks senior to the Preferred Stock, either
as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 or both, as the context may require. 
 
 

Rights upon Liquidation 
 
 

In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 holders of the Preferred
Stock will be entitled to receive and to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders the amount of $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid
dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, before we make any payment or distribution on our common stock or on any other capital stock ranking junior to the Preferred Stock upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. After the
payment to the holders of the shares of the Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts to which they are entitled, the holders of the Preferred Stock as such will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 

 
 
S-14

Table of Contents

If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or

winding-up,
 we fail to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to the Preferred Stock and any other shares of our capital stock ranking as to any such distribution of our assets on a parity with the
Preferred Stock, the holders of the Preferred Stock and of such other shares will share ratably in any such distribution of our assets in proportion to the full respective distributions to which they are entitled. 

 
 
Neither the sale of all or substantially all of our property or business, nor
our merger or consolidation into or with any other entity or the merger or consolidation of any other entity into or with us, will be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 voluntary or
involuntary, of us. 
 
 
 
Because we are a holding company, our rights
and the rights of our creditors and our stockholders, including the holders of the Preferred Stock, to participate in the assets of any of our subsidiaries upon that subsidiary’s liquidation, dissolution,

winding-up
 or recapitalization may be subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary’s creditors, except to the extent that we are a creditor with recognized claims against the subsidiary. 

 
 
Holders of the Preferred Stock are subordinate to all of our indebtedness and
to other non-equity claims on us and our assets, including in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. In addition, holders of the Preferred Stock may be fully subordinated to interests held by the
U.S. government in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
 
 
 
Optional Redemption 
 
 
 
At the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, we may redeem, out of assets legally available therefor, the Preferred Stock on any dividend payment
date on or after                     , in whole, or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25
per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Preferred Stock called for redemption up to the redemption date. Subject to irrevocably setting aside or depositing funds necessary for redemption, dividends will cease
to accrue on such shares on the redemption date, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. 
 
 
 
At any time within 90 days after a capital treatment event, and at the option of our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board of directors, we may provide notice of our intent to
redeem the Preferred Stock in accordance with the procedures described below, and we may subsequently redeem, out of assets legally available therefor, the Preferred Stock in whole, but not in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share
(equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of the Preferred Stock called for redemption up to the redemption date. Subject to irrevocably setting aside or depositing funds necessary for redemption,
dividends will cease to accrue on such shares on the redemption date, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. 
 
 
 
For purposes of the above, “capital treatment event” means the good faith determination by us that, as a result of any: 

 
 
•  amendment to, or change or any announced
prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock; 

 
 
•  proposed change in those laws or
regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock; or 
 
 

•  official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement
interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any shares of Preferred Stock, 

 
 
S-15

Table of Contents

there is more than an insubstantial risk that we will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the
full liquidation amount of all shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding as “additional Tier 1 capital” (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate federal banking agency, as then
in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Preferred Stock is outstanding. Redemption of the Preferred Stock is subject to our receipt of any required prior approvals from the Federal Reserve Board or any other regulatory authority.

 
 
 
If we elect to redeem shares of the Preferred Stock, we will
provide notice by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of such shares to be redeemed. Such mailing will be at least 30 days and not more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. Any notice so mailed will be
conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the holder receives such notice, but failure to duly give such notice by mail, or any defect in such notice or in the mailing thereof, to any holder of shares of the Preferred Stock
designated for redemption will not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other shares of the Preferred Stock. Each notice of redemption will state: 

 
 
•  the redemption date; 

 
 
•  the number of shares of the Preferred
Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder; 
 
 

•  the redemption price; 
 
 

•  the place or places where the certificates representing such shares are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption
price; and 
 
 
 
•  that dividends on
the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on the redemption date. 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Preferred Stock is held in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company, or “DTC”, we may give such notice in any manner permitted or required by
DTC. Neither the holders of the Preferred Stock nor the holders of the related depositary shares have the right to require redemption of the Preferred Stock. 
 
 

In the case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares of the Preferred Stock to be redeemed
will be selected either pro rata from the holders of record of the Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of Preferred Stock held by such holders or by lot. 

 
 
Voting Rights 

 
 
The Preferred Stock will have no voting rights, except as provided below or
as otherwise specifically required by law. 
 
 
 
Whenever, at any time
or times, dividends on the shares of Preferred Stock have not been paid for an aggregate of six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, the authorized number of our directors will automatically be increased by two and the
holders of the Preferred Stock will have the right, with holders of shares of any other class or series of parity preferred stock outstanding at the time upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, which we refer to as
“voting parity stock,” voting together as a class, to elect two directors, which we refer to as “preferred directors,” to fill such newly created directorships at our next annual meeting of stockholders and at each subsequent
annual meeting of stockholders until full dividends have been paid on the Preferred Stock for at least four quarterly consecutive dividend periods. At that time such right will terminate, except as expressly provided in the Certificate of
Designations or by law, subject to subsequent revesting. 
 
 
 
Upon any
termination of the right of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock and voting parity stock as a class to vote for directors as provided above, the preferred directors will cease to be qualified as directors, the term of

 
 
S-16

Table of Contents

office of all preferred directors then in office will terminate immediately and the authorized number of directors will be reduced by the number of preferred directors elected. Any preferred
director may be removed and replaced at any time, with cause as provided by law or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock voting together as a class with the holders of shares of voting parity stock, to the
extent the voting rights of such holders described above are then exercisable. Any vacancy created by removal with or without cause may be filled only as described in the preceding sentence. If the office of any preferred director becomes vacant for
any reason other than removal, the remaining preferred director may choose a successor who will hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. 

 
 
So long as any shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not,
without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of the Preferred Stock and any voting parity stock, voting together as a class, authorize, create or issue any capital stock ranking senior to the Preferred Stock as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or 
winding-up,
 or reclassify any authorized capital stock into any such shares of such capital stock or issue any obligation or security convertible into or
evidencing the right to purchase any such shares of capital stock. So long as any shares of the Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of the Preferred Stock,
amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Designations or our certificate of incorporation, including by merger, consolidation or otherwise, so as to adversely affect the powers, preferences or special rights of the Preferred Stock.

 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following will be
deemed to adversely affect the powers, preferences or special rights of the Preferred Stock: 
 
 
 
•  any increase in the amount of authorized common stock or authorized preferred stock, or any increase or decrease in the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, or the
authorization, creation and issuance of other classes or series of capital stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the Preferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or

winding-up;
 
 
 
 
•  a merger or consolidation of us with or into another entity in which the shares of the Preferred Stock remain outstanding; and 
 
 
 
•  a merger or consolidation of us with or into another entity in which the shares of the
Preferred Stock are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving entity or any entity, directly or indirectly, controlling such surviving entity and such new preference securities have powers, preferences and special rights
that are not materially less favorable than the Preferred Stock. 
 
 
 
In exercising the voting rights described above or when otherwise granted voting rights by operation of law or by us, each share of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote (equivalent to
1/400
th
 of a vote per depositary share). 

 
 
If we redeem or call for redemption all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock
and irrevocably deposit in trust sufficient funds to effect such redemption, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required or upon which the holders of Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote will
be effected, the voting provisions described above will not apply. 
 
 

Our board of directors may also from time to time, without notice to or consent of holders of the Preferred Stock, issue additional shares of the
Preferred Stock. Delaware law provides that the holders of preferred stock will have the right to vote separately as a class on any amendment to our certificate of incorporation (including any certificate of designations) that would increase or
decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of such class, increase or decrease the par value of such class or adversely affect the powers, preferences and special rights of the shares of preferred stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as
permitted by law, our certificate of incorporation provides that any increase or decrease in our authorized capital stock may be adopted by the affirmative vote of holders of capital stock representing not less than a majority of the voting power
represented 

 
 
S-17

Table of Contents

by the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote. If any proposed amendment would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of one or more series of preferred stock
so as to affect them adversely, but would not so affect the entire class of preferred stock, only the shares of the series so affected will be considered a separate class for purposes of this vote on the amendment. This right is in addition to any
voting rights that may be provided for in our certificate of incorporation (including any certificate of designations). 
 
 

Preemptive and Conversion Rights 
 
 

The holders of the Preferred Stock do not have any preemptive or conversion rights. 

 
 
Depositary, Transfer Agent, and Registrar 

 
 
Computershare Inc. will be the depositary, transfer agent and registrar for
the Preferred Stock and the depositary shares. 
 
 
 
Other Preferred
Stock 
 
 
 
Under our certificate of incorporation, we have
authority to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $1 par value per share. We may issue preferred stock in one or more series, each with the preferences, designations, limitations, conversion rights, and other rights as our board
of directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) may determine, subject to the limitations set forth in our certificate of incorporation. 
 
 

As of the date of this prospectus supplement, we have 16 outstanding series of preferred stock. The 6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W
described in the attached prospectus under “Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of Preferred Stock”, was redeemed in full on September 1, 2019. The other series of preferred stock described in the attached prospectus
under “Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of Preferred Stock” remain outstanding. In addition, the Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series FF is described below. 

 
 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series FF

 
 
 
On July 31, 2019, we issued 250,000 shares of
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series FF, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series FF Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series FF Preferred Stock are represented by
depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
 
 
 
The Series FF Preferred Stock has the same powers, preferences and rights as our other outstanding series of preferred stock with respect to the payment of dividends, rights upon liquidation, redemption
rights and voting rights, as described in the attached prospectus under “Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of Preferred Stock” and in this prospectus supplement. 
 
 
 
Dividends.
 Dividends on the Series FF Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or
a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, August 1, 2024 at a rate of 5.00% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning on February 1, 2020. From and
including August 1, 2024, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to a benchmark rate (which is expected to be Three-Month Term SOFR) plus a spread of 3.38% per annum, payable
quarterly in arrears, on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2024. Dividends on the Series FF Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 

 
 
S-18

Table of Contents

Redemption.
 The Series FF Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or
after August 1, 2024, in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series FF Preferred Stock
following the occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described in the attached prospectus under “Description of Preferred Stock—Outstanding Series of Preferred Stock—Redemption.” 

 
 
S-19

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSITARY SHARES 

 
 
We have summarized below certain terms of the depositary shares governed
by the deposit agreement among us, the depositary and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts. This summary supplements the general description of the depositary shares under “Description of Preferred Stock—Depositary
Shares” in the accompanying prospectus. Any information regarding the depositary shares and the depositary receipts contained in the deposit agreement that is inconsistent with the information in this prospectus supplement and the prospectus
will apply and will supersede information in this prospectus supplement and the prospectus. This summary is not complete. You should refer to the deposit agreement, including the form of the depositary receipts contained in the deposit agreement,
which will be filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 

General 
 
 

We are offering depositary shares representing proportional fractional interests in shares of the Preferred Stock. Each depositary
share represents a 1/400
th
 interest in a share of the
Preferred Stock, and will be evidenced by depositary receipts, as described under “Registration and Settlement—Book-Entry System.” We will deposit the underlying shares of the Preferred Stock with a depositary pursuant to a deposit
agreement among us, Computershare Inc., acting as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, the depositary shares will be entitled to all the powers, preferences and
special rights of the Preferred Stock, as applicable, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Preferred Stock those depositary shares represent. 
 
 

In this prospectus supplement, references to “holders” of depositary shares mean those who have depositary receipts registered in their own
names on the books maintained by the depositary and not indirect holders who own beneficial interests in depositary receipts registered in the street name of, or issued in book-entry form through, The Depository Trust Company, or “DTC.”
You should review the special considerations that apply to indirect holders described in “Registration and Settlement—Book-Entry System.” 
 
 

Dividends and Other Distributions 
 
 

Each dividend payable on a depositary share will be in an amount equal to 1/400
th
 of the dividend declared and payable on the related share of
the Preferred Stock. 
 
 
 
The depositary will distribute all dividends
and other cash distributions received on the Preferred Stock to the holders of record of the depositary receipts in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by each holder. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary
will distribute property received by it to the holders of record of the depositary receipts as nearly as practicable in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that this distribution is not
feasible, in which case the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of the property and distribution of the net proceeds of that sale to the holders of the depositary receipts.

 
 
 
Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters
relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the related shares of Preferred Stock. 
 
 

The amount paid as dividends or otherwise distributable by the depositary with respect to the depositary shares or the underlying Preferred Stock will be
reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by us or the depositary on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 

 
 
S-20

Table of Contents

Redemption of Depositary Shares 
 
 
 
If we redeem the Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, as described above under “Description of the
Preferred Stock—Optional Redemption,” depositary shares also will be redeemed with the proceeds received by the depositary from the redemption of the Preferred Stock held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be
1/400
th
 of the redemption price per share payable
with respect to the Preferred Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends. 
 
 

If we redeem shares of the Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary
shares representing those shares of the Preferred Stock so redeemed. If we redeem less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary will select pro rata or by lot those depositary shares to be redeemed. The depositary will mail
notice of redemption to record holders of the depositary receipts not less than 30 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption of the Preferred Stock and the related depositary shares. 

 
 
The redemption of depositary shares that are held in book-entry form through
DTC will be effected in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC. 
 
 
 
Voting the Preferred Stock 
 
 
 
Because each depositary share represents a 1/400
th
 interest in a share of the Preferred Stock, holders of depositary receipts will be entitled to 1/400
th
 of a vote per depositary share under those limited circumstances in which holders of the Preferred Stock are
entitled to a vote, as described above in “Description of the Preferred Stock—Voting Rights.” 
 
 
 
When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice to the record holders
of the depositary shares relating to the Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the
Preferred Stock represented by the holder’s depositary shares. To the extent practicable, the depositary will vote the amount of the Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree
to take all actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the Preferred Stock, it
will abstain from voting with respect to such shares. 
 
 

Withdrawal of Preferred Stock 
 
 

Underlying shares of Preferred Stock may be withdrawn from the depositary arrangement upon surrender of depositary receipts at the depositary’s
office and upon payment of the taxes, charges and fees provided for in the deposit agreement. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, the holder of depositary receipts will receive the appropriate number of shares of Preferred Stock
represented by such depositary shares. Only whole shares of Preferred Stock may be withdrawn; if a holder holds an amount other than a whole multiple of 400 depositary shares, the depositary will deliver along with the withdrawn shares of Preferred
Stock a new depositary receipt evidencing the excess number of depositary shares. Holders of withdrawn shares of Preferred Stock will not be entitled to redeposit such shares or to receive depositary shares. 

 
 
Form and Notices 

 
 
The Preferred Stock will be issued in registered form to the depositary, and
the depositary shares will be issued in book-entry only form through DTC, as described below in “Registration and Settlement—Book-Entry System” 

 
 
S-21

Table of Contents

and in “Book-Entry Issuance” in the attached prospectus. The depositary will forward to the holders of depositary shares all reports, notices, and communications from us that are
delivered to the depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the Preferred Stock. 

 
 
S-22

Table of Contents

REGISTRATION AND SETTLEMENT 

 
 
Book-Entry System 

 
 
The depositary shares will be issued in book-entry only form through the
facilities of DTC. This means that actual depositary receipts will not be issued to each holder of depositary shares, except in limited circumstances. Instead, the depositary shares will be in the form of a single global depositary receipt deposited
with and held in the name of DTC, or its nominee. In order to own a beneficial interest in a depositary receipt, you must be an organization that participates in DTC or have an account with an organization that participates in DTC, including
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”), and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”). 
 
 

Except as described in the attached prospectus, owners of beneficial interests in the global depositary receipt will not be entitled to have depositary
receipts registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of the depositary receipts in definitive form, and will not be considered the owners or holders of depositary shares under our certificate of
incorporation or the deposit agreement, including for purposes of receiving any reports or notices delivered by us. Accordingly, each person owning a beneficial interest in the depositary receipts must rely on the procedures of DTC and, if that
person is not a participant, on the procedures of the participant through which that person owns its beneficial interest, in order to exercise any rights of a holder of depositary shares. 
 
 
 
If we discontinue the book-entry only form system of registration, we will replace the global depositary receipt with
depositary receipts in certificated form registered in the names of the beneficial owners. 
 
 
 
Same Day Settlement 
 
 
 
As long as the depositary shares are represented by a global depositary receipt registered in the name of DTC, or its nominee, the depositary shares will trade in the DTC

Same-Day
 Funds Settlement System. DTC requires secondary market trading activity in the depositary shares to settle in immediately available funds. This requirement may affect trading activity in the
depositary shares. 
 
 
 
Payment of Dividends 

 
 
We will pay dividends, if any, on the Preferred Stock represented by
depositary shares in book-entry form to the depositary. In turn, the depositary will deliver the dividends to DTC in accordance with the arrangements then in place between the depositary and DTC. Generally, DTC will be responsible for crediting the
dividend payments it receives from the depositary to the accounts of DTC participants, and each participant will be responsible for disbursing the dividend payment for which it is credited to the holders that it represents. As long as the depositary
shares are represented by a global depositary receipt, we will make all dividend payments in immediately available funds. 
 
 

In the event depositary receipts are issued in certificated form, dividends generally will be paid by check mailed to the holders of the depositary
receipts on the applicable record date at the address appearing on the security register. 
 
 
 
Notices 
 
 
 
Any
notices required to be delivered to you will be given by the depositary to DTC for communication to its participants. 
 
 

If the depositary receipts are issued in certificated form, notices to you also will be given by mail to the addresses of the holders as they appear on
the security register. 

 
 
S-23

Table of Contents

CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

 
 
 
The following is a summary of certain
United States federal income tax consequences (and, in the case of “non-U.S. Holders” (as defined below), estate tax consequences) of the purchase, ownership and disposition of depositary shares representing a 1/400
th
 interest in a share of our Preferred Stock as of the date hereof.
For United States federal income tax purposes, holders of depositary shares will generally be treated as if they own an interest in the underlying Preferred Stock. Except where noted, this summary deals only with depositary shares purchased in this
offering and held as capital assets. This summary does not represent a detailed description of the United States federal income tax consequences applicable to you if you are subject to special treatment under the United States federal income tax
laws, including if you are: 
 
 
 
•  a
dealer in securities or currencies; 
 
 

•  a financial institution; 
 
 

•  a regulated investment company; 

 
 
•  a real estate investment trust;

 
 
 
•  an insurance company;

 
 
 
•  a 
tax-exempt
 organization; 
 
 
 
•  a person holding depositary shares as part of a hedging, integrated or conversion transaction, a constructive sale or a straddle; 

 
 
•  a person required to accelerate the
recognition of any item of gross income with respect to the depositary shares as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement; 
 
 

•  a trader in securities that has elected the

mark-to-market
 method of accounting for your securities; 
 
 

•  a person liable for alternative minimum tax; 

 
 
•  a partnership or other pass-through entity
for United States federal income tax purposes; or 
 
 

•  a U.S. Holder whose “functional currency” is not the United States dollar. 

 
 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of
depositary shares that is for United States federal income tax purposes: 
 
 
 
•  an individual citizen or resident of the United States; 
 
 

•  a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) created or
organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 
 

•  an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or

 
 
 
•  a trust if it (1) is
subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) has a valid election in effect under applicable United
States Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. 
 
 
 
The term “non-U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of depositary shares (other than a partnership) that is not a U.S. Holder. 
 
 
 
The discussion below is based upon the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue
Code”), and regulations, rulings and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date hereof, and such authorities may be replaced, revoked or modified, possibly with retroactive effect, so as to result in United States federal tax consequences
different from those discussed below. 

 
 
S-24

Table of Contents

If a partnership holds depositary shares, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the
status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding depositary shares, you should consult your tax advisors. 

 
 
This summary does not contain a detailed description of all the United States
federal tax consequences to you in light of your particular circumstances and does not address the Medicare tax on net investment income or the effects of any state, local or 
non-United
 States tax laws. 
If
you are considering the purchase, ownership or disposition of depositary shares, you should consult your own tax advisors concerning the United States federal tax consequences to you in light of your particular situation as well as any consequences
arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.
 
 
 

U.S. Holders 
 
 
 
Taxation of Dividends 
 
 
 
If you are a U.S. Holder, the gross amount of dividends on depositary shares will be taxable as dividends to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under
United States federal income tax principles.
 
Such income will be includable in your gross income as ordinary income on the day actually
or constructively received by you. Although we expect that our current and accumulated earnings and profits will be such that all dividends paid with respect to the depositary shares will qualify as dividends for United States federal income tax
purposes, we cannot guarantee that result. Our accumulated earnings and profits and our current earnings and profits in future years will depend in significant part on our future profits or losses, which we cannot accurately predict. 
Non-corporate
 U.S. Holders will generally be eligible for reduced rates of taxation on any dividends received from us with respect to the depositary shares, provided that certain holding period and other
requirements are satisfied. 
 
 
 
To the extent that the amount of any
distribution exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits for a taxable year, as determined under United States federal income tax principles, the distribution will first be treated as a 
tax-free

return of capital, causing a reduction in the adjusted basis of a depositary share (thereby increasing the amount of gain, or decreasing the amount of loss, to be recognized by you on a subsequent disposition of the depositary share), and the
balance in excess of adjusted basis will be taxed as capital gain recognized on a sale or exchange. 
 
 
 
If you are a corporation, dividends that are received by you will generally be eligible for a 50% dividends-received deduction under the Internal Revenue Code. To be eligible for this dividends-received
deduction, a corporation must hold depositary shares for more than 45 days during the 
91-day
 period that begins 45 days before the depositary shares become 
ex-dividend

with respect to such dividend and must meet certain other requirements. Corporate U.S. Holders should consider the effect of section 246A of the Internal Revenue Code, which reduces the dividends-received deduction allowed to a corporate shareholder
that has incurred indebtedness that is “directly attributable” to an investment in portfolio stock such as preferred stock. Corporate U.S. Holders should also consider the effect of section 1059 of the Internal Revenue Code, which, under
certain circumstances, requires you to reduce the basis of stock for purposes of calculating gain or loss in a subsequent disposition by the portion of any “extraordinary dividend” that is eligible for the dividends-received deduction.

 
 
 
Taxation of Capital Gains 

 
 
If you are a U.S. Holder, you will recognize taxable gain or loss on any
sale, exchange or other disposition (other than a redemption, the consequences of which are discussed below) of depositary shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized for the depositary shares and your adjusted tax basis
in such depositary shares. Generally, your adjusted tax basis in the depositary shares will be equal to the cost of your 

 
 
S-25

Table of Contents

depositary shares reduced by any previous returns of capital. Such gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss. Capital gains of non-corporate U.S. Holders derived with respect to capital
assets held for more than one year are eligible for reduced rates of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
 
 

Redemption 
 
 
 
A redemption of depositary shares for cash will be treated as a distribution taxable as a dividend unless an applicable exception applies, in which case it will be treated as a sale or exchange of the
redeemed shares taxable as described under the caption “—Taxation of Capital Gains” above. 
 
 
 
The redemption will be treated as a sale or exchange if it (1) results in a “complete termination” of a U.S. Holder’s interest in our stock, (2) is not “essentially
equivalent to a dividend” with respect to a U.S. Holder, or (3) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to a U.S. Holder, all within the meaning of section 302(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. In determining whether any
of these tests have been met, stock considered to be owned by a U.S. Holder by reason of certain constructive ownership rules, as well as shares actually owned by such U.S. Holder, must generally be taken into account. If a particular U.S. Holder of
depositary shares does not participate in our control or management, a pro rata redemption of the depositary shares of such U.S. Holder will generally qualify for sale or exchange treatment, if the redemption results in either a complete redemption
or in a reduction of the proportionate equity in us held (actually or constructively) by such U.S. Holder. However, because the determination as to whether any of the alternative tests of section 302(b) of the Internal Revenue Code will be
satisfied with respect to any particular U.S. Holder of depositary shares depends upon the facts and circumstances at the time that the determination must be made, prospective U.S. Holders of depositary shares are advised to consult their own tax
advisors regarding the tax treatment of a redemption. If a redemption of depositary shares is treated as a distribution, the entire amount received will be treated as a distribution and will be taxable as described under the caption
“—Taxation of Dividends” above. 
 
 
 
Non-U.S.
 Holders 
 
 
 
The
following discussion is a summary of certain United States federal tax consequences that will apply to you if you are a 
non-U.S.
 Holder of depositary shares
.

Special rules may apply to certain 
non-U.S.
 Holders, such as “controlled foreign corporations,” “passive foreign investment
companies,” and certain expatriates, among others, that are subject to special treatment under the Internal Revenue Code. Such non-U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors to determine the United States federal, state, local and other
tax consequences that may be relevant to them. 
 
 
 
Taxation of
Dividends 
 
 
 
If you are a

non-U.S.
 Holder of depositary shares, amounts treated as dividends for United States federal income tax purposes generally will be subject to withholding of United States federal income tax at a 30% rate or
such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. However, dividends that are effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by a 
non-U.S.
 Holder within the United States
(and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a United States permanent establishment) are not subject to the withholding tax, provided certain certification and disclosure requirements (generally on an Internal Revenue
Service (“IRS”) Form W-8ECI) are satisfied. Instead, such dividends are subject to United States federal income tax on a net income basis in the same manner as if the 
non-U.S.
 Holder were a United
States person as defined under the Internal Revenue Code. Any such effectively connected dividends received by a foreign corporation may be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified
by an applicable income tax treaty. 
 
 
 
A 
non-U.S.
 Holder of depositary shares who wishes to claim the benefits of an applicable income tax treaty and avoid backup withholding, as discussed below, for dividends will be required (a) to complete IRS Form

W-8BEN
 

 
 
S-26

Table of Contents

or Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable form) and certify under penalty of perjury that such holder is not a United States person as defined under the Internal Revenue Code and is eligible for
treaty benefits or (b) if depositary shares are held through certain foreign intermediaries, to satisfy the relevant certification requirements of applicable United States Treasury regulations. Special certification and other requirements apply
to certain 
non-U.S.
 Holders that are pass-through entities rather than corporations or individuals. 
 
 

A 
non-U.S.
 Holder of depositary shares eligible for a reduced rate of United States withholding tax pursuant to an
income tax treaty may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld by filing an appropriate claim for refund with the IRS. 
 
 

Taxation of Capital Gains 
 
 

If you are a 
non-U.S.
 Holder, any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of depositary shares generally
will not be subject to United States federal income tax unless: 
 
 
 
•  the gain is effectively connected with a trade or business of the 
non-U.S.
 Holder in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income
tax treaty, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment of the 
non-U.S.
 Holder); 
 
 

•  the 
non-U.S.
 Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183
days or more in the taxable year of that disposition, and certain other conditions are met; or 
 
 
 
•  we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for United States federal income tax purposes, and certain other conditions are met. 

 
 
An individual 
non-U.S.
 Holder
described in the first bullet point immediately above will be subject to tax on the net gain derived from the sale or other disposition under regular graduated United States federal income tax rates. An individual

non-U.S.
 Holder described in the second bullet point immediately above will be subject to a flat 30% tax (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on the gain derived from the
sale or other disposition, which may be offset by United States source capital losses, even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States. If a 
non-U.S.
 Holder that is a foreign
corporation falls under the first bullet point immediately above, it will be subject to tax on its net gain in the same manner as if it were a United States person as defined under the Internal Revenue Code and, in addition, may be subject to the
branch profits tax equal to 30% of its effectively connected earnings and profits or at such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. 
 
 

We believe we are not and do not anticipate becoming a “United States real property holding corporation” for United States federal income tax
purposes. 
 
 
 
Federal Estate Tax 

 
 
Depositary shares owned or treated as owned by an individual who is not a
citizen or resident (as defined for United States federal estate tax purposes) of the United States at the time of his or her death will be included in the individual’s gross estate for United States federal estate tax purposes (unless an
applicable treaty provides otherwise) and therefore may be subject to United States federal estate tax. 
 
 
 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
 
 
 
U.S. Holders 
 
 

In general, information reporting will apply to dividends in respect of depositary shares and the proceeds from the sale, exchange or redemption of
depositary shares that are paid to you within the United States (and in certain cases, outside the United States), unless you are an exempt recipient such as a corporation. A backup withholding

 
 
S-27

Table of Contents

tax (currently at a 24% rate) may apply to such payments if you fail to provide a taxpayer identification number (generally on an IRS Form W-9) or certification of exempt status or fail to report
in full dividend and interest income. 
 
 
 
Any amounts withheld under
the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or as a credit against your United States federal income tax liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 

 
 
Non-U.S.
 Holders 

 
 
Information reporting generally will apply to the amount of dividends paid
to each non-U.S. Holder and the tax withheld with respect to such dividends. Copies of the information returns reporting such dividends and withholding may also be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which the 
non-U.S.
 Holder resides under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty. 
 
 
 
A 
non-U.S.
 Holder will be subject to backup withholding (currently at a 24% rate) for dividends paid to such holder unless such holder certifies under penalty of
perjury that it is a 
non-U.S.
 Holder (and the payor does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that such holder is a United States person as defined under the Internal Revenue Code), or such holder
otherwise establishes an exemption (such as its corporate status). Dividends subject to withholding of United States federal income tax as described under the caption “Non-U.S. Holders—Taxation of Dividends” above will not be subject
to backup withholding. 
 
 
 
Information reporting and, depending on
the circumstances, backup withholding will apply to the proceeds of a sale of depositary shares within the United States or conducted through certain United States-related financial intermediaries, unless the beneficial owner certifies under penalty
of perjury that it is a 
non-U.S.
 Holder (and the payor does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the beneficial owner is a United States person as defined under the Internal Revenue Code), or such
owner otherwise establishes an exemption (such as its corporate status). 
 
 
 
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or as a credit against a 
non-U.S.
 Holder’s United States federal income tax
liability provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
 
 
 
You should consult your tax advisor regarding the application of the information reporting and backup withholding rules to you. 

 
 
Additional Withholding Requirements 

 
 
Under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code (such sections
commonly referred to as “FATCA”), a 30% United States federal withholding tax may apply to any dividends paid on the depositary shares to (i) a “foreign financial institution” (as specifically defined in the Internal Revenue
Code) which does not provide sufficient documentation, typically on IRS Form W-8BEN-E, evidencing either (x) an exemption from FATCA, or (y) its compliance (or deemed compliance) with FATCA (which may alternatively be in the form of compliance with
an intergovernmental agreement with the United States) in a manner that avoids withholding, or (ii) a “non-financial foreign entity” (as specifically defined in the Internal Revenue Code) which does not provide sufficient documentation,
typically on IRS Form W-8BEN-E, evidencing either (x) an exemption from FATCA, or (y) adequate information regarding certain substantial United States beneficial owners of such entity (if any). If a dividend payment is both subject to
withholding under FATCA and subject to the withholding tax discussed above under “Non-U.S. Holders—Taxation of Dividends,” the withholding under FATCA may be credited against, and therefore reduce, such other withholding tax. You
should consult your own tax advisor regarding these requirements and whether they may be relevant to your ownership and disposition of depositary shares. 

 
 
S-28

Table of Contents

CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 

 
 
The following is a summary of certain considerations associated with the
purchase of the depositary shares by (i) employee benefit plans to which Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, which we refer to as ERISA, applies; (ii) plans, individual retirement accounts and other
arrangements to which Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or provisions under any other U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local or other laws or regulations that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, which we
collectively refer to as Similar Laws, apply; and (iii) entities whose underlying assets are considered to include “plan assets” of any such plan, account or arrangement. We call each of the foregoing described in clauses (i), (ii) and
(iii) a “Plan.” 
 
 
 
Each fiduciary of a Plan should
consider the fiduciary standards of ERISA or any applicable Similar Laws in the context of the Plan’s particular circumstances before authorizing an investment in the depositary shares. Accordingly, among other factors, the fiduciary should
consider whether the investment would satisfy the prudence and diversification requirements of ERISA or any applicable Similar Laws and would be consistent with the documents and instruments governing the Plan. 

 
 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code
prohibit Plans subject to such provisions, which we call ERISA Plans, from engaging in certain transactions involving “plan assets” with persons that are “parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under
the Internal Revenue Code with respect to the ERISA Plans. A violation of these “prohibited transaction” rules may result in an excise tax or other liabilities under ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code for those
persons unless exemptive relief is available under an applicable class, individual, statutory or administrative exemption. Certain employee benefit plans that are governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans
(as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA) and 
non-U.S.
 plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) are not subject to the requirements of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code,
but may be subject to Similar Laws. 
 
 
 
Prohibited transactions
within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code could arise if the depositary shares were acquired by an ERISA Plan with respect to which we or any of our affiliates are a party in interest or a
disqualified person. For example, if we are a party in interest or disqualified person with respect to an investing ERISA Plan (either directly or by reason of our ownership of our subsidiaries), an extension of credit prohibited by
Section 406(a)(1)(B) of ERISA and Section 4975(c)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code between the investing ERISA Plan and us may be deemed to occur, unless exemptive relief were available under an applicable exemption. In this regard, the
United States Department of Labor has issued prohibited transaction class exemptions, or PTCEs, that may provide exemptive relief for direct or indirect prohibited transactions resulting from the purchase, holding or disposition of the depositary
shares. Those class exemptions include: 
 
 

•  PTCE 
96-23—for
 certain transactions determined by 
in-house
 asset managers; 
 
 
 
•  PTCE 
95-60—for
 certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts; 
 
 
 
•  PTCE 
91-38—for
 certain transactions involving
bank collective investment funds; 
 
 

•  PTCE 
90-1—for
 certain transactions involving insurance company separate
accounts; and 
 
 
 
•  PTCE 
84-14—for
 certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers. 
 
 

In addition, ERISA Section 408(b)(17) and Internal Revenue Code Section 4975(d)(20) provide a limited exemption for the purchase and sale of
securities and related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the securities nor any of its affiliates have or exercise any discretionary authority or control or render any 

 
 
S-29

Table of Contents

investment advice with respect to the assets of any ERISA Plan involved in the transaction and provided further that the ERISA Plan pays no more than adequate consideration in connection with the
transaction (the 
so-called
 “service provider exemption”). 
 
 
 
Each of the above-noted exemptions contains conditions and limitations on its application. Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans that are considering acquiring and/or holding any depositary shares in reliance on
these or any other exemption should carefully review the exemption to ensure that it is applicable. 
 
 
 
No assurance can be made that all of the conditions of any such exemptions will be satisfied. 
 
 

Because of the possibility that direct or indirect prohibited transactions or similar violations of Similar Laws could occur as a result of the purchase
of the depositary shares by a Plan, the depositary shares may not be purchased by any Plan, or any person investing the assets of any Plan, unless its purchase and holding of the depositary shares will not constitute or result in a 
non-exempt
 prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code or similar violation of any applicable Similar Laws. Any purchaser or holder of the depositary shares or any interest in the depositary
shares will be deemed to have represented by its purchase and holding of the depositary shares that either: 
 
 

•  it is not a Plan and is not purchasing the depositary shares or any interest in the depositary shares on behalf of or
with the assets of any Plan; or 
 
 

•  its purchase and holding of the depositary shares or any interest in the depositary shares will not constitute or result
in a 
non-exempt
 prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code or a similar violation of any applicable Similar Laws. 

 
 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties imposed upon persons
involved in 
non-exempt
 prohibited transactions, it is important that any person considering the purchase of depositary shares on behalf of or with the assets of any Plan consult with its counsel regarding the
consequences under ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code and any applicable Similar Laws of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of depositary shares, whether any exemption would be applicable, and whether all conditions of such exemption have been
satisfied such that the acquisition and holding of the depositary shares by the Plan are entitled to full exemptive relief thereunder. 
 
 

Nothing herein shall be construed as, and the sale of depositary shares to a Plan is in no respect, a representation by us or the underwriters that any
investment in the depositary shares would meet any or all of the relevant legal requirements with respect to investment by, or is appropriate for, Plans generally or any particular Plan. In this regard, neither this discussion nor any information
provided in this prospectus supplement is or is intended to be investment advice directed at any potential Plan purchasers or at Plan purchasers generally, and such purchasers of any depositary shares (or interest therein) should consult and rely on
their own counsel and advisors as to whether an investment in depositary shares is suitable. 

 
 
S-30

Table of Contents

UNDERWRITING 

 
 
JPMorgan Chase and the underwriters named below have entered into an
underwriting agreement relating to the offer and sale of the depositary shares. In the underwriting agreement, we have agreed to sell to each underwriter, and each underwriter has agreed to purchase from us, the number of depositary shares set forth
opposite its name below: 
 
 

 

 

Name

  

Number of
Depositary
Shares

 

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

  

 

            

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

  

 
Total

  

 

         
   

 

 
 
 
The obligations of the underwriters under the
underwriting agreement, including their agreement to purchase the depositary shares from us, are several and not joint. Those obligations are also subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions in the underwriting agreement. The underwriters have
agreed to purchase all of the depositary shares if any are purchased. 
 
 
 
The underwriters have advised us that they propose to offer the depositary shares to the public at the public offering price that appears on the cover page of this prospectus supplement. The underwriters
may offer the depositary shares to selected dealers at the public offering price minus a selling concession of up to $             per depositary share or
$             per depositary share in the case of sales to certain institutions. In addition, the underwriters may allow, and those selected dealers may reallow, a selling concession of up
to $             per depositary share to certain other dealers or $             per depositary share in the case of sales to
certain institutions. After the initial public offering, the underwriters may change the public offering price and any other selling terms. 
 
 

The underwriters have an option to buy up to              additional depositary shares from us
to cover sales of depositary shares by the underwriters which exceed the number of depositary shares specified in the table above. The underwriters have 30 days from the date of this prospectus supplement to exercise this 
over-allotment
 option. If any depositary shares are purchased with this over-allotment option, the underwriters will purchase depositary shares in approximately the same proportion as shown in the table above. If
any additional depositary shares are purchased, the underwriters will offer the additional depositary shares on the same terms as those on which the depositary shares are being offered. 

 
 
S-31

Table of Contents

The underwriting fee is equal to the public offering price per depositary share less the amount paid by
the underwriters to us per depositary share. The underwriting fee is $             per depositary share or $             per
depositary share in the case of sales to certain institutions. The following table shows the per depositary share and total underwriting discounts and commissions to be paid to the underwriters assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the
underwriters’ option to purchase additional depositary shares. 
 
 

 

 

 

 

  

Without
over-allotment
exercise

 

 

With full
over-allotment
exercise(1)

 

 
Per Depositary Share

  

$

             

 

 

$

             

 

 
Total

  

$

             

(2) 

 

$

             

(2)

 

(1)

 

Reflects full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase              additional depositary
shares and assumes the sale of all such depositary shares to retail investors. 

(2)

 

The underwriting commissions of $             per depositary share will be deducted from the public offering
price; provided, however, that for sales to certain institutions, the underwriting commissions deducted will be $             per depositary share, which will increase the proceeds to us
with respect to these depositary shares by $            . 
 
 

We will pay our expenses related to this offering, which we estimate will be $150,000.

 
 
In addition, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 
 
The depositary shares are a new issue of securities, and there is currently no established trading market for the depositary shares. We intend to apply to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock
Exchange. If the application is approved, we expect trading of the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange to begin within a 
30-day
 period after the initial issuance of the depositary shares. The
underwriters have advised us that they intend to make a market in the depositary shares prior to the date trading on the New York Stock Exchange begins. However, they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making in the depositary
shares at any time in their sole discretion. Therefore, we cannot assure you that a liquid trading market for the depositary shares will develop, that you will be able to sell your depositary shares at a particular time or that the price you receive
when you sell will be favorable. 
 
 
 
In order to meet one of the
requirements for listing the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange, the underwriters have undertaken to sell the depositary shares to a minimum of 100 beneficial holders. 
 
 
 
The depositary shares are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended, the “Insurance Mediation Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering
or selling the depositary shares or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the depositary shares or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
 
 
The depositary shares may
be sold only to purchasers in Canada purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions 
or

 
 
S-32

Table of Contents

subsection 73.3(1) of the 
Securities Act 
(Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant
Obligations
. Any resale of the depositary shares must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws. 

 
 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may
provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus supplement and the attached prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised
by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or
territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
 
 
 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts 
(NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
 
 

JPMorgan Chase’s affiliates, including J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, may use this prospectus supplement and the attached prospectus in connection with
offers and sales of the depositary shares in the secondary market. These affiliates may act as principal or agent in those transactions. Secondary market sales will be made at prices related to prevailing market prices at the time of sale.

 
 
 
In connection with this offering, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC may
engage in over-allotment, stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Over-allotment involves sales in excess of the offering size, which
create a short position for the underwriters. Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase the depositary shares in the open market for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of the depositary shares. Syndicate covering
transactions involve purchases of the depositary shares in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover syndicate short positions. Penalty bids permit the managing underwriter to reclaim a selling concession from a
syndicate member when the depositary shares originally sold by that syndicate member are purchased in a syndicate covering transaction to cover syndicate short positions. Stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids may
cause the price of the depositary shares to be higher than it would otherwise be in the absence of those transactions. If J.P. Morgan Securities LLC engages in stabilizing, syndicate covering transactions or penalty bids it may discontinue them at
any time. 
 
 
 
Certain of the underwriters are not U.S. registered
broker-dealers, and will not effect any offers or sales of any depositary shares in the United States unless it is through one or more U.S. registered broker-dealers as permitted by the regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. 
 
 
 
Certain of the underwriters engage in transactions with and
perform services for us and our affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 
 
We will deliver the depositary shares to the underwriters at the closing of this offering when the underwriters pay us the purchase price of the depositary shares. 

 
 
The underwriting agreement provides that the closing will occur on
                    , which is five business days after the date of this prospectus supplement. Rule 
15c6-1

under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 generally requires that securities trades in the secondary market settle in two business days, unless the parties to a trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade depositary
shares on any date prior to the 

 
 
S-33

Table of Contents

second business day before delivery will be required, by virtue of the fact that the depositary shares will settle in five business days, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of
any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Such purchasers should also consult their own advisors in this regard. 
 
 

Conflicts of Interest 
 
 

We own directly or indirectly all the outstanding equity securities of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. The underwriting arrangements for this offering comply
with the requirements of Rule 5121 of the regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) regarding a FINRA member firm’s underwriting of securities of an affiliate. In accordance with Rule 5121, J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC may not make sales in this offering to any discretionary account without the prior approval of the customer. 

 
 
S-34

Table of Contents

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

 
 
 
The financial statements and management’s assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) incorporated in this prospectus supplement by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
JPMorgan Chase for the year ended December 31, 2018 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and
accounting. 
 
 
 
With respect to the unaudited financial information
of JPMorgan Chase for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 and for the three-month and six-month periods ended June 30, 2019 and 2018 incorporated in this prospectus supplement by reference to the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of JPMorgan Chase for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on May 2, 2019 and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019 filed with the SEC on August 6, 2019,
respectively, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP reported that they have applied limited procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such information. However, their separate reports dated May 2, 2019 and August 5, 2019,
also incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, state that they did not audit and they do not express an opinion on that unaudited financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their reports on such information should
be restricted in light of the limited nature of the review procedures applied. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is not subject to the liability provisions of Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933 for their reports on the unaudited financial
information because those reports are not a “report” or a “part” of the registration statement prepared or certified by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP within the meaning of Sections 7 and 11 of the Securities Act of 1933.

 
 
 
LEGAL OPINIONS

 
 
 
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, New York, New York,
will deliver an opinion for us regarding the validity of the Preferred Stock and the related depositary shares. Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, New York, New York, will provide a similar opinion for the underwriters. Cravath, Swaine &
Moore LLP has represented and continues to represent us and our subsidiaries in a substantial number of matters on a regular basis. 

 
 
S-35

Table of Contents

 
 
 
 
Prospectus 
 
 
 

 
$145,989,153,962 
 
Debt Securities 
 
Preferred Stock 

Depositary Shares 
 
Common Stock 
 
Warrants 

Units 
 
 

 
 
Up to
$145,989,153,962, or the equivalent thereof in any other currency, of these securities may be offered from time to time, in amounts, on terms and at prices that will be determined at the time they are offered for sale. These terms and prices will be
described in more detail in one or more supplements to this prospectus, which will be distributed at the time the securities are offered. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “JPM.” The other
securities that we may offer from time to time under this prospectus may be listed on the New York Stock Exchange or another national securities exchange, as specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. 

You should read this prospectus and any supplement carefully before you invest.
 
See the section entitled “Risk
Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
, and 
any risk factors described in an
 applicable prospectus supplement,
 for a discussion of risks you should
consider in connection with an investment in any of the securities offered under this prospectus.
 
 
 

 
 
This
prospectus may not be used to sell any of the securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement.
 
 
 

 
 
The securities
may be sold to or through underwriters, through dealers or agents, directly to purchasers or through a combination of these methods. If an offering of securities involves any underwriters, dealers or agents, then the applicable prospectus supplement
will name the underwriters, dealers or agents and will provide information regarding any fee, commission or discount arrangements made with those underwriters, dealers or agents. 

 
 
 

These securities are not deposits or other obligations of a bank and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or
any other governmental agency. 
 
 
 
 

These securities have not been approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any state securities commission, nor have these
organizations determined that this prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
 
 

 
 
This
prospectus is dated April 11, 2019 

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 

 
Summary

  

 

2

 

 
Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase

  

 

6

 

 
Important Factors that may Affect Future Results

  

 

7

 

 
Use of Proceeds

  

 

9

 

 
Description of Debt Securities

  

 

10

 

 
Description of Preferred Stock

  

 

20

 

 
Description of Depositary Shares

  

 

33

 

 
Description of Common Stock

  

 

34

 

 
Description of Securities Warrants

  

 

35

 

 
Description of Currency Warrants

  

 

35

 

 
Description of Units

  

 

37

 

 
Book-Entry Issuance

  

 

38

 

 
Plan of Distribution

  

 

42

 

 
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

  

 

43

 

 
Legal Opinions

  

 

43

 

 
 

 
 
1 

Table of Contents

SUMMARY 

This summary highlights selected information from this document and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To
understand the terms of our securities, you should carefully read: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
this prospectus, which explains the general terms of the securities we may offer; 

 

 

•

 

 
the attached prospectus supplement, which gives the specific terms of the particular securities we are offering and may change or update information in
this prospectus; and 
 
 

 

•

 

 
the documents we have referred you to in “Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase” on page 6 for information about our
company and our financial statements. 
 
Certain capitalized terms used in this summary are defined elsewhere
in this prospectus. 
 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., which we refer to as “JPMorgan Chase,” “we” or “us,” is a financial holding company incorporated under Delaware law in 1968. We are a leading global
financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with operations worldwide. JPMorgan Chase had $2.6 trillion in assets and $256.5 billion in total stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2018. To
find out how to obtain more information about us, see “Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase.” 

Our principal executive offices are located at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 and our telephone number is (212) 270-6000.

 
The Securities We May Offer 
 
This prospectus is part of a registration statement (the “registration statement”) that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) utilizing a “shelf”
registration process. Under this shelf process, we may offer from time to time up to $145,989,153,962, or the equivalent thereof in any other currency, of any of the following securities: 

 

 

•

 

 
debt;
 
 
 

 

•

 

 
preferred stock;
 
 
 

 

•

 

 
depositary shares;
 
 
 

 

•

 

 
common stock;
 
 
 

 

•

 

 
warrants; and
 
 
 

 

•

 

 
units.
 
 
This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will describe the specific amounts,
prices and terms of the securities being offered. The prospectus supplement may also add to, update or change information contained in this prospectus. References to this prospectus or the prospectus supplement also means the information contained
in other documents we have filed with the SEC and have referred you to in this prospectus. If this prospectus is inconsistent with the prospectus supplement, you should rely on the prospectus supplement. You should read this prospectus, the
applicable prospectus supplement and the additional information that we refer you to, as discussed under “Where You Can Find More Information About JPMorgan Chase.” 

 
 
2 

Table of Contents

Debt Securities 
 
We may use this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer our unsecured general debt obligations, which may be senior or subordinated. The senior debt securities will have the same rank
as all of our other unsecured, unsubordinated debt. The subordinated debt securities will be entitled to payment only after payment on our “Senior Indebtedness,” which includes the senior debt securities. For the definition of Senior
Indebtedness, see “Description of Debt Securities—Subordinated Debt Securities—Subordination” beginning on page 15 below. 
 
The senior debt securities will be issued under the indenture, dated as of October 21, 2010, as amended by the first supplemental indenture, dated as of January 13, 2017, between us and Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. We refer to that indenture, as so amended, as the “senior indenture.” The subordinated debt securities will be issued under the subordinated indenture, dated as of March 14, 2014, as amended by
the first supplemental indenture, dated as of January 13, 2017, between us and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as trustee. We refer to that indenture, as so amended, as the “subordinated indenture” and, together with the senior
indenture, the “indentures” and each an “indenture.” We have summarized below certain general features of the debt securities from the indentures. We encourage you to read the indentures, which are exhibits to the registration
statement. 
 
General Indenture Provisions that Apply to the Senior Debt Securities and the Subordinated Debt Securities 

 

 

•

 

 
Each indenture allows us to issue different types of debt securities, including indexed securities. 

 

 

•

 

 
Neither of the indentures limits the amount of debt securities that we may issue or provides you with any protection should there be a highly leveraged
transaction, recapitalization or restructuring involving JPMorgan Chase. 
 
 

 

•

 

 
The indentures allow us to consolidate or merge with another entity, or to convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our assets to another
entity. If one of these events occurs and we are not the successor in the transaction, the successor will be required to assume our responsibilities relating to the debt securities and the indentures. 

 

 

•

 

 
The indentures provide that holders of a majority of the total principal amount of outstanding debt securities of any series may vote to change certain
of our obligations or certain of your rights concerning the debt securities of that series. However, to change the amount or timing of principal, interest or other payments under the debt securities of a series, every holder in the series affected
by the change must consent. 
 
 

 

•

 

 
If an event of default (as described below) occurs with respect to any series of debt securities, the trustee or holders of 25% of the outstanding
principal amount of that series may declare the principal amount of the series immediately payable. However, holders of a majority of the principal amount may rescind this action. 

General Indenture Provisions that Apply Only to Senior Debt Securities 
 
We have agreed in the senior indenture that we and our subsidiaries will not sell, assign, transfer, grant a security interest in or otherwise dispose of the voting stock of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
which we refer to as the “Bank”, and that the Bank will not issue its voting stock, unless the sale or issuance is for fair market value and we and our subsidiaries would own at least 80% of the voting stock of the Bank following the sale
or issuance. This covenant would not prevent us from completing a merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of our assets. In addition, this covenant would not prevent the merger or consolidation of the Bank into another domestic bank if
JPMorgan Chase and its subsidiaries would own at least 80% of the voting stock of the successor entity after the merger or consolidation. 

 
 
3 

Table of Contents

If we satisfy certain conditions in the senior indenture, we may discharge that
indenture at any time by depositing with the trustee sufficient funds or government obligations to pay the senior debt securities when due. 
 
Events of Default.
 The senior indenture provides that the following are events of default with respect to any series of senior debt securities: 

 

 

•

 

 
default in the payment of principal of (or premium, if any, on) any senior debt securities of that series and continuance of that default for 30 days;

 
 

 

•

 

 
default in the payment of interest on any senior debt securities of that series and continuance of that default for 30 days;

 
 

 

•

 

 
specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of JPMorgan Chase; and 

 

 

•

 

 
any other event of default specified with respect to senior debt securities of that series. 

General Indenture Provisions that Apply Only to Subordinated Debt Securities 

The subordinated debt securities will be subordinated to all “Senior Indebtedness,” which includes all of our indebtedness for
money borrowed, except indebtedness that is stated not to be senior to, or that is stated to have the same rank as, the subordinated debt securities or other securities having the same rank as or that are subordinated to the subordinated debt
securities. 
 
Events of Default.
 The subordinated indenture provides that the following are events of default with
respect to any series of subordinated debt securities: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
specified events of bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency of JPMorgan Chase; and 

 

 

•

 

 
any other event specified with respect to subordinated debt securities of that series. 

Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares 
 
We may use this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer our preferred stock, par value $1 per share, in one or more series. We will determine the dividend, voting, conversion and other
rights of the series being offered, and the terms and conditions relating to the offering and sale of the series, at the time of the offer and sale. We may also issue preferred stock that will be represented by depositary shares. 

Common Stock 
 
We may use
this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer our common stock, par value $1 per share. Subject to the rights of holders of our preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when declared by our
board of directors (which may also refer to a board committee). Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share. The holders of common stock have no preemptive rights or cumulative voting rights. 

Warrants 
 
We may use
this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer warrants for the purchase of debt securities, preferred stock or common stock, which we refer to as “securities warrants.” We may also offer warrants for the cash value in
U.S. dollars of the right to purchase or sell foreign or composite currencies, which we refer to as “currency warrants.” We may issue warrants independently or together with other securities. 

Units 
 
We may use this
prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock and warrants issued by us, debt obligations or other

 
 
4 

Table of Contents

securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property together as units. In the applicable prospectus supplement, we will describe the particular combination of debt
securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock and warrants issued by us, or debt obligations or other securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property constituting any units, and any other specific terms
of the units. 
 
JPMorgan Chase is a Holding Company 

We are a holding company that holds the stock of the Bank and an intermediate holding company, JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, which we
refer to as the “IHC”. We conduct substantially all of our operations through subsidiaries, including the Bank and the IHC. As a result, claims of the holders of our securities will generally have a junior position to claims of creditors
of our subsidiaries. Claims of our subsidiaries’ creditors other than JPMorgan Chase include substantial amounts of deposit liabilities, long-term debt and other liabilities. In addition, we are obligated to contribute to the IHC substantially
all the net proceeds that we receive from the issuance of securities (including any securities offered by use of this prospectus), and the ability of the Bank and the IHC to make payments to us is limited. As a result of these arrangements, our
ability to make various payments is dependent on our receiving dividends from the Bank and dividends and extensions of credit from the IHC. These limitations could affect our ability to pay interest on our debt securities, pay dividends on our
preferred stock and common stock, redeem or repurchase outstanding securities, and fulfill our other payment obligations. 

Conflicts of Interest 
 
We own directly or indirectly all the outstanding equity securities of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. The underwriting arrangements for any offering pursuant to this prospectus will comply with the
requirements of Rule 5121 of the regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) regarding a FINRA member firm’s underwriting of securities of an affiliate. In accordance with Rule 5121, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
may not make sales pursuant to this prospectus to any discretionary account without the prior approval of the customer. 

 
 
5 

Table of Contents

WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
 
ABOUT JPMORGAN CHASE 

We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the
public on the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Such documents, reports and information are also available on our website: https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/financial-information/sec-filings. Information on our website does not
constitute part of this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement. 
 
The SEC allows us to “incorporate by
reference” into this prospectus the information in documents we file with it, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a
part of this prospectus, and later information that we file with the SEC will update and supersede this information. 
 
We
incorporate by reference (i) the documents listed below and (ii) any future filings we make with the SEC under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14, or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 after the date of this prospectus until our offering is
completed, other than, in each case, those documents or the portions of those documents which are furnished and not filed: 
 
(a) Our Annual Report on 
Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2018; 

(b) Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on 
January
 15, 2019
, 
January 17, 2019
, 
January 24, 2019
,

January 29, 2019
, 
January 30, 2019
, 
March
 7, 2019
, 
March 15, 2019
 and 
March 22, 2019
; and

 
(c) The descriptions of our common stock contained in our Registration Statement filed under Section 12
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating that description, and any other Registration Statement on Form 8-A relating to any securities offered by this prospectus. 

You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing to or telephoning us at the following address: 

Office of the Secretary 
 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
 
4 New York Plaza 

New York, New York 10004 
 
212-270-6000 
 
You should rely only on the information provided or incorporated
by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any other information. We are not making an offer of securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that
the information in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any document incorporated by reference is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of the applicable document. 

 
 
6 

Table of Contents

IMPORTANT FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

 
From time to time, we have made and will make forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by the fact
that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as “anticipate,” “target,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,”
“goal,” “believe,” or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements provide our current expectations or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. Our disclosures in this prospectus, any
prospectus supplement and any documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We also may make forward-looking statements in
our other documents filed or furnished with the SEC. In addition, our senior management may make forward-looking statements orally to investors, analysts, representatives of the media and others. 

All forward-looking statements are, by their nature, subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. JPMorgan
Chase’s actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in our forward-looking statements. While there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could
cause actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
local, regional and global business, economic and political conditions and geopolitical events; 

 

 

•

 

 
changes in laws and regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity requirements affecting our businesses, and our ability to address those
requirements; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
heightened regulatory and governmental oversight and scrutiny of our business practices, including dealings with retail customers;

 
 

 

•

 

 
changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws; 

 

 

•

 

 
changes in income tax laws and regulations; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
securities and capital markets behavior, including changes in market liquidity and volatility; 

 

 

•

 

 
changes in investor sentiment or consumer spending or savings behavior; 

 

 

•

 

 
our ability to manage effectively our capital and liquidity, including approval of our capital plans by banking regulators;

 
 

 

•

 

 
changes in credit ratings assigned to us or our subsidiaries; 

 

 

•

 

 
damage to our reputation; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
our ability to appropriately address social and environmental concerns that may arise from our business activities; 

 

 

•

 

 
our ability to deal effectively with an economic slowdown or other economic or market disruption; 

 

 

•

 

 
technology changes instituted by us, our counterparties or competitors; 

 

 

•

 

 
the effectiveness of our control agenda; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
our ability to develop or discontinue products and services, and the extent to which products or services previously sold by us (including but not
limited to mortgages and asset-backed securities) require us to incur liabilities or absorb losses not contemplated at their initiation or origination; 

 

 

•

 

 
acceptance of our new and existing products and services by the marketplace and our ability to innovate and to increase market share;

 
 

 

•

 

 
our ability to attract and retain qualified employees; 

 

 

•

 

 
our ability to control expenses; 

 
 
7 

Table of Contents

 

•

 

 
competitive pressures; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
changes in the credit quality of our customers and counterparties; 

 

 

•

 

 
adequacy of our risk management framework, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting;

 
 

 

•

 

 
adverse judicial or regulatory proceedings; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
changes in applicable accounting policies, including the introduction of new accounting standards; 

 

 

•

 

 
our ability to determine accurate values of certain assets and liabilities; 

 

 

•

 

 
occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or calamities or conflicts and our ability to deal effectively with disruptions caused by the foregoing;

 
 

 

•

 

 
our ability to maintain the security of our financial, accounting, technology, data processing and other operational systems and facilities;

 
 

 

•

 

 
our ability to withstand disruptions that may be caused by any failure of our operational systems or those of third parties; and

 
 

 

•

 

 
our ability to effectively defend ourselves against cyberattacks and other attempts by unauthorized parties to access our or our customers’
information or to disrupt our systems. 
 
Additional factors that may cause future results to differ
materially from forward-looking statements can be found in portions of our periodic and current reports filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference in this prospectus. These factors include, for example, those discussed under the caption
“Risk Factors” in our most recent annual and quarterly reports, to which reference is hereby made. 
 
Any
forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or in a document incorporated by reference into this prospectus speak only as of the date of this prospectus, the prospectus supplement or
the document incorporated by reference, as the case may be. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements. You should, however, consult any further disclosures of a forward-looking nature we may make in any subsequent Annual Reports
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

 
 
8 

Table of Contents

USE OF PROCEEDS 

Unless otherwise described in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will contribute the net proceeds that we receive from the sale of
the securities offered by use of this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement to the IHC, which will use those net proceeds for general corporate purposes. General corporate purposes may include investments in our subsidiaries, payments
of dividends to us, extensions of credit to us or our subsidiaries or the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansion. Net proceeds may be temporarily invested pending application for their stated purpose. Interest on our debt
securities (including interest on the debt securities offered by use of this prospectus) and dividends on our equity securities (including dividends on the preferred stock or common stock offered by use of this prospectus), as well as redemptions or
repurchases of our outstanding securities, will be made using amounts we receive as dividends or extensions of credit from the IHC or as dividends from the Bank. 

 
 
9 

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 

General 
 
We have
described below some general terms that may apply to the debt securities we may offer by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. We will describe the particular terms of any debt securities we offer to you in the prospectus
supplement relating to those debt securities. 
 
The debt securities will be either senior debt securities or subordinated debt
securities. The senior debt securities will be issued under the senior indenture, and the subordinated debt securities will be issued under the subordinated indenture. The debt securities and the indentures are governed by the laws of the State of
New York. 
 
The following summary is not complete. You should refer to the indentures, copies of which are exhibits to the
registration statement. 
 
The indentures do not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue. Each of the indentures
provides that we may issue debt securities up to the principal amount we authorize from time to time. The senior debt securities will be unsecured and will have the same rank as all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. The subordinated
debt securities will be unsecured and will be subordinated and junior to all Senior Indebtedness as defined below under “— Subordinated Debt Securities — Subordination.” 

We are a holding company that holds the stock of the Bank and the IHC. We conduct substantially all of our operations through
subsidiaries, including the Bank and the IHC. As a result, claims of the holders of our securities will generally have a junior position to claims of creditors of our subsidiaries. Claims of our subsidiaries’ creditors other than JPMorgan Chase
include substantial amounts of deposit liabilities, long-term debt and other liabilities. In addition, we are obligated to contribute to the IHC substantially all the net proceeds that we receive from the issuance of securities (including any
securities offered by use of this prospectus), and the ability of the Bank and the IHC to make payments to us is limited. As a result of these arrangements, our ability to make various payments is dependent on our receiving dividends from the Bank
and dividends and extensions of credit from the IHC. These limitations could affect our ability to pay interest on our debt securities, pay dividends on our preferred stock and common stock, redeem or repurchase outstanding securities, and fulfill
our other payment obligations. 
 
We may issue the debt securities in one or more separate series of senior debt securities
and/or subordinated debt securities. We will specify in the prospectus supplement relating to the particular series of debt securities being offered the particular amounts, prices and terms of those debt securities. These terms may include:

 
 

 

•

 

 
the title and type of the debt securities; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
any limit on the aggregate principal amount or aggregate initial offering price of the debt securities; 

 

 

•

 

 
the purchase price of the debt securities; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
the dates on which the principal of the debt securities will be payable and the amount payable upon acceleration; 

 

 

•

 

 
the interest rates of the debt securities, including the interest rates, if any, applicable to overdue payments, or the method for determining those
rates, and the interest payment dates for the debt securities; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
the places where payments may be made on the debt securities; 

 

 

•

 

 
any mandatory or optional redemption provisions applicable to the debt securities; 

 

 

•

 

 
any sinking fund or similar provisions applicable to the debt securities; 

 

 

•

 

 
the authorized denominations of the debt securities, if other than $1,000 and integral multiples of $1,000; 

 
 
10 

Table of Contents

 

•

 

 
if denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the currency or currencies, including composite currencies, in which payments on the debt
securities will be payable (which currencies may be different for principal, premium and interest payments); 
 
 

 

•

 

 
any conversion or exchange provisions applicable to the debt securities; 

 

 

•

 

 
any addition to, deletion from or change in the events of default applicable to the debt securities; 

 

 

•

 

 
any addition to, deletion from or change in the covenants applicable to the debt securities; and 

 

 

•

 

 
any other specific terms of the debt securities. 
 
We may issue some of the debt securities as original issue discount debt securities. Original issue discount debt securities will bear no interest or will bear interest at a below-market rate and will be
sold at a discount below their stated principal amount. The prospectus supplement will contain any special tax, accounting or other information relating to original issue discount debt securities. If we offer other kinds of debt securities,
including debt securities linked to an index or payable in currencies other than U.S. dollars, the prospectus supplement relating to those debt securities will also contain any special tax, accounting or other information relating to those debt
securities. 
 
We will issue the debt securities only in registered form without coupons. The indentures permit us to issue debt
securities of a series in certificated form or in permanent global form. You will not be required to pay a service charge for any transfer or exchange of debt securities, but we may require payment of any taxes or other governmental charges.

 
We will pay principal of, and premium, if any, and interest, if any, on the debt securities at the corporate trust office in
New York City of our paying agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, or any successor paying agent that we may designate. You may also make transfers or exchanges of debt securities at that location. We also have the right to pay interest on any debt
securities by check mailed to the registered holders of the debt securities at their registered addresses. In connection with any payment on a debt security, we may require the holder to certify information to us. In the absence of that
certification, we may rely on any legal presumption to enable us to determine our responsibilities, if any, to deduct or withhold taxes, assessments or governmental charges from the payment. 

The indentures do not limit our ability to enter into a highly leveraged transaction or provide you with any special protection in the
event of such a transaction. In addition, neither of the indentures provides special protection in the event of a sudden or dramatic decline in our credit quality resulting from a takeover, recapitalization or similar restructuring of JPMorgan
Chase. 
 
We may issue debt securities upon the exercise of securities warrants or upon exchange or conversion of exchangeable
or convertible debt securities. The prospectus supplement will describe the specific terms of any of those securities warrants or exchangeable or convertible securities. It will also describe the specific terms of the debt securities or other
securities issuable upon the exercise, exchange or conversion of those securities. See “Description of Securities Warrants” below. 
 
Each of the indentures contains a provision that, if made applicable to any series of senior or subordinated debt securities, respectively, permits us to elect: 

 

 

•

 

 
defeasance, which would discharge us from all of our obligations (subject to limited exceptions) with respect to any debt securities of that series
then outstanding, and/or 
 
 

 

•

 

 
covenant defeasance, which would release us from our obligations under specified covenants, including, with respect to any series of senior securities,
the covenant described under “Senior Debt Securities—Limitation on Disposition of Stock of the Bank”. 

 
 
11 

Table of Contents

To make either of the above elections, we must deposit in trust with the respective
trustee money and/or U.S. government obligations (as defined below) which, through the payment of principal and interest in accordance with their terms, will provide sufficient money, without reinvestment, to repay in full those senior or
subordinated debt securities, as the case may be. As used in the indentures, “U.S. government obligations” are: (1) direct obligations of the United States or of an agency or instrumentality of the United States, in either case that are,
or are guaranteed as, full faith and credit obligations of the United States and that are not redeemable by the issuer; and (2) certain depositary receipts with respect to an obligation referred to in clause (1). 

As a condition to defeasance or covenant defeasance, we must deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel that the holders of the senior
or subordinated debt securities, as the case may be, will not recognize income, gain, or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of the defeasance or covenant defeasance and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amount, in the
same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if defeasance or covenant defeasance had not occurred. That opinion, in the case of defeasance but not covenant defeasance, must refer to and be based upon a ruling received by us from
the Internal Revenue Service or published as a revenue ruling or be based upon a change in applicable federal income tax law. 

If we exercise our covenant defeasance option with respect to a particular series of debt securities, then even if there were a default
under the defeased covenant, payment of those debt securities could not be accelerated. We may exercise our defeasance option with respect to a particular series of debt securities even if we previously had exercised our covenant defeasance option.
If we exercise our defeasance option, payment of those debt securities may not be accelerated because of any event of default. If we exercise our covenant defeasance option and an acceleration were to occur, the realizable value at the acceleration
date of the money and U.S. government obligations in the defeasance trust could be less than the principal and interest then due on those debt securities. This is because the required deposit of money and/or U.S. government obligations in the
defeasance trust is based upon scheduled cash flows rather than market value, which will vary depending upon interest rates and other factors. 
 
We and the trustees may modify either indenture with the consent of the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of each series of outstanding debt securities affected by the modification.
However, without the consent of each affected holder, no such modification may: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
change the stated maturity of any debt security; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
reduce the principal amount of, or premium, if any, on, any debt security; 

 

 

•

 

 
change the rate or method of computation of the interest on any debt security; 

 

 

•

 

 
reduce the amount of the principal of an original issue discount debt security that would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the
maturity thereof; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
reduce the amount of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund or analogous obligation; 

 

 

•

 

 
change the currency or currencies in which any debt security is payable; 

 

 

•

 

 
impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on a debt security on or after the stated maturity thereof (or, in the case of
redemption, on or after the redemption date); 
 
 

 

•

 

 
reduce the percentage of holders of outstanding debt securities of any series required to consent to any modification, amendment or any waiver under
the applicable indenture; or 
 
 

 

•

 

 
change the provisions in the applicable indenture that relate to its modification or amendment. 

 
 
12 

Table of Contents

In addition, we and the trustees may amend either indenture without the consent of the
holders of debt securities of any series for any of the following purposes: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
to evidence the succession of another company to us; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
to add to our covenants or to surrender any right or power conferred upon us; 

 

 

•

 

 
to add any additional events of default; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
to permit or facilitate the issuance of debt securities in bearer form, certificated form or global form; 

 

 

•

 

 
to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of the applicable indenture in respect of all or any series of debt securities, provided that any
such addition, change or elimination will neither (i) apply to any debt security issued prior to the execution of such amendment and entitled to the benefit of such provision nor (ii) modify the rights of the holders of any such debt securities with
respect to such provision; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
to conform the text of the applicable indenture or any debt securities to any provision of the “Description of Debt Securities” in this
prospectus or a similarly captioned section in any applicable prospectus supplement relating to the offering of debt securities; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
to provide security for or a guarantee of any series of debt securities; 

 

 

•

 

 
to establish the form or terms of any series of debt securities; 

 

 

•

 

 
to provide for successor trustees or the appointment of more than one trustee; or 

 

 

•

 

 
to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision of the applicable indenture which may be inconsistent with any other provision thereof,
or to make any other provisions as we may deem necessary or desirable, provided such amendment does not adversely affect the interests of the holders of any series of debt securities in any material respect. 

Each indenture allows us, without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of any series issued under that indenture, to
consolidate or merge with any other entity, to convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our assets to another entity, or to permit another entity to merge into JPMorgan Chase, provided that: 

(1) the successor is a corporation, association, company or business trust organized under U.S. laws; 

(2) the successor, if not us, assumes our obligations on the debt securities and under the indentures; 

(3) after giving effect to the transaction, no event of default (or, in the case of the senior debt securities, a covenant breach under
the senior indenture), and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default (or, in the case of the senior debt securities, a covenant breach under the senior indenture), shall have occurred and be continuing;
and 
 
(4) other specified conditions are met. 
 
In addition, each indenture allows us, without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of any series issued under that indenture, to convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our
assets to one or more of our subsidiaries. 
 
Senior Debt Securities 

The senior debt securities will be direct, unsecured general obligations of JPMorgan Chase and will constitute Senior Indebtedness of
JPMorgan Chase. For a definition of “Senior Indebtedness,” see “— Subordinated Debt Securities — Subordination” below. 
 
Limitation on Disposition of Stock of the Bank.
 Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of debt securities, the senior indenture contains a covenant
by us that, so long as any of the senior debt securities are outstanding, neither we nor any Intermediate Subsidiary (as defined below) will sell, assign, grant a security interest in or otherwise dispose of any shares of voting stock of the Bank,
or any securities convertible into, or options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of voting stock of the Bank, except to JPMorgan Chase or an Intermediate Subsidiary. In addition, the covenant provides that neither we nor any Intermediate
Subsidiary will permit the Bank to issue any shares of its voting stock, or securities convertible into, or options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of its voting stock, nor will we permit any Intermediate Subsidiary that owns any shares of
voting stock of the Bank, or securities convertible into, or options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of the Bank’s voting stock, to cease to be an Intermediate Subsidiary. 

 
 
13 

Table of Contents

The above covenant is subject to our rights in connection with a consolidation or
merger of JPMorgan Chase with another entity or a conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of our assets to another entity. The covenant also will not apply if both: 

(1) the disposition in question is made for fair market value, as determined by the board of directors of JPMorgan Chase
or the Intermediate Subsidiary; and 
 
(2) after giving effect to the disposition, we and any one or more of our
Intermediate Subsidiaries will collectively own at least 80% of the issued and outstanding voting stock of the Bank or any successor to the Bank, free and clear of any security interest. 

The above covenant also does not restrict the Bank from being consolidated with or merged into another domestic banking institution if,
after the merger or consolidation, (A) JPMorgan Chase, or its successor, and any one or more Intermediate Subsidiaries own at least 80% of the voting stock of the resulting bank and (B) treating for purposes of the senior indenture the resulting
bank as the Bank, no covenant breach, event of default or event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become a covenant breach or event of default, shall have happened and be continuing. 

The senior indenture defines an “Intermediate Subsidiary” as a subsidiary (1) that is organized under the laws of any domestic
jurisdiction and (2) of which all the shares of capital stock, and all securities convertible into, and options, warrants and rights to purchase shares of capital stock, are owned directly by JPMorgan Chase, free and clear of any security interest.
As used above, “voting stock” means a class of stock having general voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the board of directors, managers or trustees irrespective of the happening of a contingency.

 
Defaults and 
Waivers
. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, under the senior
indenture, any one of the following events will be an event of default with respect to the senior debt securities of any series: 
 
(1) default in the payment of principal of (or premium, if any, on) any senior debt securities of that series and continuance of that default for 30 days; 

(2) default in the payment of interest on any senior debt securities of that series and continuance of that default for 30
days; 
 
(3) specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of JPMorgan Chase; and 

(4) any other event of default specified with respect to senior debt securities of that series. 

Senior debt securities issued by us prior to December 31, 2016 (the “Pre-2017 Senior Debt”) contain events of default that are
different from those set forth above. In particular: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
The events of default applicable to the Pre-2017 Senior Debt do not provide for a 30-day cure period with respect to any failure by us to pay the
principal of those senior debt securities; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
Most series of Pre-2017 Senior Debt contain an additional event of default that is applicable if we fail to perform any of the covenants contained in
the terms and conditions of, or the governing instrument for, those senior debt securities and that failure continues for 90 days; and 
 
 

 

•

 

 
The events of default applicable to certain series of Pre-2017 Senior Debt provide that specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. would constitute an event of default with respect to those senior debt securities. 

Accordingly, if we fail to pay the principal of any series of Pre-2017 Senior Debt when due, the holders of such senior debt securities
would be entitled to declare their securities due and payable immediately, whereas holders of the senior debt securities of any series would not be entitled to accelerate those senior debt securities

 
 
14 

Table of Contents

until 30 days after our failure to pay the principal of those senior debt securities. In addition, holders of the senior debt securities will not have the benefit of the additional events of
default described above that are applicable to the Pre-2017 Senior Debt. 
 
Under the senior indenture, if any event of default
with respect to the senior debt securities of any series occurs and is continuing, either the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding senior debt securities of that series may declare the principal amount
(or, if the senior debt securities of that series are original issue discount senior debt securities, a specified portion of the principal amount) of all senior debt securities of that series to be due and payable immediately. No such declaration is
required upon certain specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization. Subject to the conditions set forth in the senior indenture, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding senior debt securities of that series
may annul the declaration and waive past defaults, except uncured payment defaults and other specified defaults. 
 
We will
describe in the prospectus supplement any particular provisions relating to the acceleration of the maturity of a portion of the principal amount of original issue discount senior debt securities upon an event of default. 

Subordinated Debt Securities 
 
The subordinated debt securities will be direct, unsecured general obligations of JPMorgan Chase. The subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in right of payment to all Senior
Indebtedness. 
 
Unless otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of subordinated debt
securities, holders of the subordinated debt securities may not accelerate the maturity of the subordinated debt securities, except in the event of our bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency, and may not accelerate the subordinated debt securities
if we fail to pay principal or interest or fail to perform any other agreement in the subordinated debt securities or the subordinated indenture. See “— Defaults and Waivers” below. 

Subordination.
 The subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in right of payment to all Senior Indebtedness
whether outstanding on the date the subordinated indenture became effective or created, assumed or incurred after that date. 

The subordinated indenture defines “Senior Indebtedness” to mean the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on all of
our indebtedness for money borrowed, including all indebtedness for money borrowed by another person that we guarantee; similar obligations arising from off-balance sheet guarantees and direct credit substitutes; all obligations for claims in
respect of derivative products such as interest rate and foreign exchange contracts, commodity contracts and similar arrangements; and any deferrals, renewals or extensions of any of the foregoing. However, Senior Indebtedness does not include
indebtedness that is stated not to be senior to or to have the same rank as the subordinated debt securities or other securities having the same rank as or that are subordinated to the subordinated debt securities. In particular, Senior Indebtedness
does not include (A) the subordinated debt securities issued under the subordinated indenture, (B) the subordinated indebtedness issued under the amended and restated indenture, dated as of December 15, 1992, as amended, between us and U.S.
Bank Trust National Association, as trustee, (C) the subordinated indebtedness issued under the indenture, dated as of October 21, 2010, between us and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as trustee, and (D) other debt of JPMorgan Chase that is
expressly stated to have the same rank as or not to rank senior to the subordinated debt securities or other securities having the same rank as or that are subordinated to the subordinated debt securities. 

Under the subordinated indenture, we may not make any payment on the subordinated debt securities in the event: 

 

 

•

 

 
we have failed to make full payment of all amounts of principal, and premium, if any, and interest, if any, due on all Senior Indebtedness; or

 
 
15 

Table of Contents

 

•

 

 
there shall exist any event of default on any Senior Indebtedness permitting the holders thereof to accelerate the maturity thereof or any event which,
with notice or lapse of time or both, would become such an event of default. 
 
In addition, upon our
dissolution, winding-up, liquidation or reorganization (whether in bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership proceedings or otherwise) we must pay to the holders of Senior Indebtedness the full amounts of principal of, and premium, if any, and
interest, if any, on the Senior Indebtedness before any payment or distribution is made on the subordinated debt securities. 

No series of our subordinated debt securities (other than our outstanding junior subordinated indebtedness) is subordinated to any other
series of subordinated debt securities or to any other subordinated indebtedness of JPMorgan Chase referred to above. However, due to the subordination provisions of the various series of subordinated indebtedness issued by us and our predecessor
institutions, in the event of our dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization or insolvency, holders of the subordinated debt securities that may be offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement may recover less,
ratably, than holders of some of our other series of outstanding subordinated indebtedness and more, ratably, than holders of other series of our outstanding subordinated indebtedness.
 In addition, holders of the subordinated debt securities
may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding. 
 
No Limitation on Disposition of Voting Stock of the Bank.
 The subordinated indenture does not contain a covenant prohibiting us from selling or otherwise disposing of any shares of voting stock of
the Bank, or securities convertible into, or options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of voting stock of the Bank. The subordinated indenture also does not prohibit the Bank from issuing any shares of its voting stock or securities convertible
into, or options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of its voting stock. 
 
Defaults and Waivers.
 Unless otherwise
specified in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of subordinated debt securities, the subordinated indenture defines an event of default with respect to any series of subordinated debt securities as follows: 

 

 

•

 

 
specified events of bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency of JPMorgan Chase; and 

 

 

•

 

 
any other event specified with respect to subordinated debt securities of that series. 

If any event of default with respect to subordinated debt securities of any series occurs and is continuing, either the trustee or the
holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding subordinated debt securities of that series may declare the principal amount (or, if the subordinated debt securities of that series are original issue discount subordinated debt
securities, a specified portion of the principal amount) of all subordinated debt securities of that series to be due and payable immediately. No such declaration is required upon certain specified events of bankruptcy, reorganization or insolvency.
Subject to the conditions set forth in the subordinated indenture, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding subordinated debt securities of that series may annul the declaration and waive past defaults, except uncured payment
defaults. 
 
We will describe in the prospectus supplement any particular provisions relating to the acceleration of the
maturity of a portion of the principal amount of original issue discount subordinated debt securities upon an event of default. In the event of the bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization or insolvency of JPMorgan Chase, any right to enforce that
payment in cash would be subject to the broad equity powers of a federal bankruptcy court and to its determination of the nature and status of the payment claims of the holders of the subordinated debt securities. 

Unless otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of subordinated debt securities, there will be no
right of acceleration of the payment of principal of the subordinated debt securities of that series upon a default in the payment of principal or interest or a default in the performance of any covenant or agreement in the subordinated debt
securities or the subordinated indenture. In the event of a default in the 

 
 
16 

Table of Contents

payment of principal or interest or a default in the performance of any covenant or agreement in the subordinated debt securities or the subordinated indenture, the trustee may, subject
to specified limitations and conditions, seek to enforce that payment or the performance of that covenant or agreement. 
 
Covenant Breach

 
Under each indenture, a “covenant breach” would occur with respect to the debt securities of any series issued
under that indenture if we fail to perform or breach any of the covenants contained in that indenture (in the case of the senior indenture, other than a failure to pay principal of or interest on the senior debt securities) and that failure or
breach continues for 90 days after the trustee under that indenture or the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series give written notice of that failure or breach. Under each indenture,
neither the trustee nor the holders of the debt securities will be entitled to accelerate the maturity of the debt securities as a result of any covenant breach. 
 
If a covenant breach or event of default with respect to the debt securities of any series occurs and is continuing, the relevant trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights
and the rights of the holders of those debt securities by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the trustee deems most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in the
relevant indenture, in aid of the exercise of any power granted in that indenture, or to enforce any other proper remedy. 
 
Limitation of
Suits 
 
Under each indenture, a holder of the debt securities of any series issued under that indenture will not have the
right to institute any proceeding with respect to that indenture or those debt securities unless: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
the holder has given the trustee written notice of a continuing covenant breach or event of default with respect to those debt securities;

 
 

 

•

 

 
the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of those debt securities at the time outstanding have made a written request to the trustee to
institute proceedings in respect of the covenant breach or event of default, and offered the trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it; and 
 
 

 

•

 

 
the trustee has not received from the holders of a majority in principal amount of those debt securities at the time outstanding a direction
inconsistent with such request, and has failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity.
 
The foregoing limitations will not apply to any suit instituted by holders of the debt securities for the enforcement of any payment of principal or interest on or after the date when due. 

Other Provisions of the Indentures 
 
Each of the indentures requires the relevant trustee, within 90 days after the occurrence of a default known to it with respect to the debt securities of any series issued under that indenture, to give
the holders of those debt securities notice of the default if uncured or not waived. The trustee may withhold the notice if it determines in good faith that the withholding of the notice is in the interest of those holders. However, the trustee may
not withhold the notice in the case of a default in the payment of principal or interest. The trustee may not give the above notice until at least 60 days after the occurrence of a default in the performance of a covenant in the indenture, other
than, in the case of the senior indenture, a covenant to pay principal of or interest on the senior debt securities. The term “default” for the purpose of this provision means any event that is, or after notice or lapse of time or both
would become, a covenant breach or event of default with respect to the debt securities. 
 
Other than the duty to act with the
required standard of care during a default, the trustee under each of the indentures is not obligated to exercise any of its rights or powers under that indenture at the request or direction 

 
 
17 

Table of Contents

of any of the holders of the debt securities issued under that indenture, unless the holders have offered to the trustee reasonable security or indemnity. Each of the indentures provides that the
holders of a majority in principal amount of the debt securities issued under that indenture may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee, or exercising any trust or other power conferred
on the trustee. However, the trustee may decline to act if the direction is contrary to law or the indenture, and the trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction. 

Each of the indentures includes a covenant requiring us to file annually with the relevant trustee a certificate stating that there
exists no covenant breach, event of default or event that is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, a covenant breach or event of default under the relevant indenture, or if any such default exists, specifying such default.

 
Information Concerning The Trustees 
 
We and our subsidiaries may maintain deposits or conduct other banking transactions with the trustees under the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture in the ordinary course of business. Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Americas is a trustee under certain of our existing indentures pursuant to which we have issued and outstanding series of senior debt securities. U.S. Bank Trust National Association is a trustee under certain of our existing
indentures pursuant to which we have issued and outstanding series of subordinated debt securities. 
 
Insolvency and Resolution
Considerations 
 
The debt securities constitute “loss-absorbing capacity” within the meaning of the final rules
(the “TLAC rules”) issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) on December 15, 2016 regarding, among other things, the minimum levels of unsecured external long-term debt and other
loss-absorbing capacity that certain U.S. bank holding companies, including JPMorgan Chase, are required to maintain. Such debt must satisfy certain eligibility criteria under the TLAC rules. If JPMorgan Chase were to enter into resolution either in
a proceeding under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or in a receivership administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010
(the “Dodd-Frank Act”), holders of the debt securities offered by use of this prospectus and other debt and equity securities of JPMorgan Chase will absorb the losses of JPMorgan Chase and its affiliates. 

Under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act and applicable rules of the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, JPMorgan Chase is required to submit
periodically to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a detailed plan (the “resolution plan”) for the rapid and orderly resolution of JPMorgan Chase and its material subsidiaries under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and other applicable insolvency
laws in the event of material financial distress or failure. JPMorgan Chase’s preferred resolution strategy under its resolution plan contemplates that only JPMorgan Chase would enter bankruptcy proceedings under Chapter 11 of the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code pursuant to a “single point of entry” recapitalization strategy. JPMorgan Chase’s subsidiaries would be recapitalized, as needed, so that they could continue operations or subsequently be wound down in an orderly
manner. As a result, JPMorgan Chase’s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on holders of JPMorgan Chase’s equity securities and thereafter on unsecured creditors, including holders of the debt
securities offered by use of this prospectus and other debt securities of JPMorgan Chase. Claims of holders of the debt securities and those other securities would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of JPMorgan Chase’s
subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of JPMorgan Chase. Accordingly, in a resolution of JPMorgan Chase under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, holders of the debt securities offered by use
of this prospectus and other debt securities of JPMorgan Chase would realize value only to the extent available to JPMorgan Chase as a shareholder of the Bank and its other subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of
JPMorgan Chase have been fully repaid. If JPMorgan Chase were to enter into a resolution, none of JPMorgan Chase, the Federal Reserve or the FDIC is obligated to follow JPMorgan Chase’s preferred resolution strategy under its resolution plan.

 
 
18 

Table of Contents

The FDIC has similarly indicated that a single point of entry recapitalization model
could be a desirable strategy to resolve a systemically important financial institution, such as JPMorgan Chase, under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act (“Title II”). Pursuant to that strategy, the FDIC would use its power to create a
“bridge entity” for JPMorgan Chase; transfer the systemically important and viable parts of its business, principally the stock of JPMorgan Chase’s main operating subsidiaries and any intercompany claims against such subsidiaries, to
the bridge entity; recapitalize those subsidiaries using assets of JPMorgan Chase that have been transferred to the bridge entity; and exchange external debt claims against JPMorgan Chase for equity in the bridge entity. Under this Title II
resolution strategy, the value of the stock of the bridge entity that would be redistributed to holders of the debt securities offered by use of this prospectus and other debt securities of JPMorgan Chase may not be sufficient to repay all or part
of the principal amount and interest on the debt securities and those other securities. To date, the FDIC has not formally adopted a single point of entry resolution strategy and it is not obligated to follow such a strategy in a Title II resolution
of JPMorgan Chase. 

 
 
19 

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED STOCK 

General 
 
Under our
certificate of incorporation, our board of directors is authorized, without further stockholder action, to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $1 par value per share, in one or more series, and to determine the voting powers and the
designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of each series. We may amend our certificate of incorporation to increase or decrease the number of authorized
shares of preferred stock in a manner permitted by our certificate of incorporation and the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”). As of the date of this prospectus, we have the following issued and outstanding series of preferred
stock, the terms of each of which we summarize below: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I; 

 

 

•

 

 
5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Q; 

 

 

•

 

 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series R; 

 

 

•

 

 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series S; 

 

 

•

 

 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series U; 

 

 

•

 

 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series V; 

 

 

•

 

 
6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series X; 

 

 

•

 

 
6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Y; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Z; 

 

 

•

 

 
6.10% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series AA; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
6.15% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series BB; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series CC; 

 

 

•

 

 
5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series DD; and 
 
 

 

•

 

 
6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series EE. 
 
We will describe the particular terms of any series of preferred stock being offered in the prospectus supplement relating to that series of preferred stock. Those terms may include: 

 

 

•

 

 
the number of shares being offered; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
the title and liquidation preference per share; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
the purchase price; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
the dividend rate or method for determining that rate; 

 

 

•

 

 
the dates on which dividends will be paid; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
whether dividends will be cumulative or noncumulative and, if cumulative, the dates from which dividends will begin to accumulate;

 
 

 

•

 

 
any applicable redemption or sinking fund provisions; 

 

 

•

 

 
any applicable conversion provisions; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
whether we have elected to offer depositary shares representing that series of preferred stock; and 

 

 

•

 

 
any additional dividend, liquidation, redemption, sinking fund and other rights and restrictions applicable to that series of preferred stock.

 
 
20 

Table of Contents

If the terms of any series of preferred stock being offered differ from the terms set
forth below, we will also disclose those different terms in the prospectus supplement relating to that series of preferred stock. The following summary is not complete. You should also refer to our certificate of incorporation and to the certificate
of designations relating to the series of the preferred stock being offered for the complete terms of that series of preferred stock. A form of certificate of designations is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. We will file the
certificate of designations with respect to the particular series of preferred stock being offered with the SEC promptly after the offering of that series of preferred stock. 
 
The preferred stock will, when issued against full payment of the purchase price relating to a series of preferred stock, be fully paid and nonassessable. Unless otherwise specified in the prospectus
supplement, in the event we liquidate, dissolve or wind-up our business, each series of preferred stock being offered will have the same rank as to dividends and distributions as our currently outstanding preferred stock and each other series of
preferred stock we may offer in the future by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. The preferred stock will have no preemptive rights. 
 
Dividend Rights 
 
Holders of the preferred stock offered by use of this
prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board, cash dividends at the rates and on the dates set forth in the
prospectus supplement. Dividend rates may be fixed or variable or both. Different series of preferred stock may be entitled to dividends at different dividend rates or based upon different methods of determination. We will pay each dividend to the
holders of record as they appear on our stock register (or, if applicable, the records of the depositary referred to under “Description of Depositary Shares”) on record dates determined by our board of directors or a duly authorized
committee of our board. Dividends on any series of preferred stock may be cumulative or noncumulative, as specified in the prospectus supplement. If a dividend is not declared on any series of preferred stock for which dividends are noncumulative,
then the right of holders of that preferred stock to receive that dividend will be lost, and we will have no obligation to pay the dividend for that dividend period, whether or not dividends are declared for any future dividend period. 

Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, each series of preferred stock that we offer by use of this
prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will provide that we may not declare or pay or set aside for payment full dividends on any series of preferred stock ranking, as to dividends, equally with or junior to the series of preferred stock
we are offering unless we have previously declared and paid or set aside for payment, or we contemporaneously declare and pay or set aside for payment, full dividends (including cumulative dividends still owing, if any) on the series of preferred
stock we are offering for, in the case of a series of noncumulative preferred stock, the most recently completed dividend period, or, in the case of a series of cumulative preferred stock, all past dividend periods. If we fail to pay dividends in
full as stated above, we may only declare dividends on equally ranking series of preferred stock pro rata so that the amount of dividends declared per share on the series of preferred stock we are offering and the equally ranking series bear to each
other the same ratio that accumulated and unpaid dividends per share on the series being offered and the other series bear to each other. We will not pay interest or any sum of money instead of interest in respect of any dividend that is not
declared, or if declared is not paid, on any series of preferred stock we are offering. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the
applicable prospectus supplement, the preferred stock we offer by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will also provide that, unless we have paid or declared and set aside 
a sum sufficient for the payment thereof,
in the case of a series of noncumulative preferred stock, full dividends on all outstanding shares of that preferred stock in respect of the most recently completed dividend period, or, in the case of a series of cumulative preferred stock, full
dividends, including cumulative dividends, if any, owing on that preferred stock for all past dividend periods: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
no dividend (other than a dividend in common stock or in any junior or equally ranking stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up) will be declared or paid or a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for such payment or other distribution declared or made upon our 

 
 
21 

Table of Contents

 

 

common stock or upon any junior or equally ranking stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, and 

 

 

•

 

 
no common stock or other capital stock ranking junior or equally as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up will be redeemed,
purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration (or any moneys be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any shares of any such capital stock) by us, except 

 

 

(1)

 
by conversion into or exchange for capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock being offered; 

 

 

(2)

 
as a result of reclassification into capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock being offered; 

 

 

(3)

 
through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of shares of capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock being
offered or, in the case of capital stock ranking on a parity with the preferred stock being offered, through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of capital stock ranking on a parity with the preferred
stock being offered; 
 
 

 

(4)

 
in the case of capital stock ranking on a parity with the preferred stock being offered, pursuant to pro rata offers to purchase all or a pro
rata portion of the shares of preferred stock being offered and such capital stock ranking on a parity with the preferred stock being offered; 
 
 

 

(5)

 
in connection with the satisfaction of our obligations pursuant to any contract entered into in the ordinary course prior to the beginning of
the most recently completed dividend period; or 
 
 

 

(6)

 
any purchase, redemption or other acquisition of capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock being offered pursuant to any of our or
our subsidiaries’ employee, consultant or director incentive or benefit plans or arrangements (including any employment, severance or consulting arrangements) adopted before or after the issuance of the preferred stock being offered).

 
However, the foregoing will not restrict our ability or the ability of any of our affiliates to engage in
underwriting, stabilization, market-making or similar transactions in our capital stock in the ordinary course of business. Subject to the conditions described above, and not otherwise, dividends (payable in cash, capital stock, or otherwise), as
may be determined by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, may be declared and paid on our common stock and any other capital stock ranking junior to or on a parity with the preferred stock being offered from time to
time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of the preferred stock being offered will not be entitled to participate in those dividends. 
 
As used in this prospectus, “junior to the preferred stock being offered” and like terms refer to our common stock and any other class or series of our capital stock over which the preferred
stock being offered has preference or priority, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the context may require; “parity preferred stock” and “on a parity with the preferred stock being
offered” and like terms refer to any class or series of our capital stock that ranks on a parity with the shares of the preferred stock being offered, either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the
context may require; and “senior to the preferred stock being offered” and like terms refer to any class or series of our capital stock that ranks senior to the preferred stock being offered, either as to dividends or upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up, or both, as the context may require. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus
supplement, we will compute the amount of dividends payable by annualizing the applicable dividend rate and dividing by the number of dividend periods in a year, except that the amount of dividends payable for any period greater or less than a full
dividend period, other than the initial dividend period, will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 
30-day
 months and, for any period less than a full month, the actual number of days
elapsed in the period. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward. 

 
 
22 

Table of Contents

Rights Upon Liquidation 
 
In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of each series of preferred stock that we offer by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus
supplement will be entitled to receive and to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders the amount set forth in the prospectus supplement plus, in the case of a series of noncumulative preferred stock, an
amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, if any, from the day following the immediately preceding dividend payment date, to, but not including, the date of the liquidating distribution, but
without accumulation of any unpaid dividends for prior dividend periods, or, in the case of a series of cumulative preferred stock, an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid dividends, whether or not declared, before we make any payment or
distribution on our common stock or on any other capital stock ranking junior to the preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement, and any stock having the same rank as that series of preferred stock upon
our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. After the payment to such holders of the full preferential amounts to which they are entitled, such holders will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. 

If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, we fail to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to
preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement, and any stock having the same rank as that series of preferred stock, the holders of the preferred stock and of that other stock will share ratably in any
such distribution of our assets in proportion to the full respective distributions to which they are entitled. For any series of preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement, neither the sale of all or
substantially all of our property or business, nor our merger or consolidation into or with any other entity will be considered a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 
Redemption 
 
The applicable prospectus supplement will indicate whether the
series of preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement is subject to redemption, in whole or in part, whether at our option or mandatorily and whether or not pursuant to a sinking fund. The redemption
provisions that may apply to a series of preferred stock offered, including the redemption dates, the redemption prices for that series and whether those redemption prices will be paid in cash, stock or a combination of cash and stock, will be set
forth in the prospectus supplement. If the redemption price is to be paid only from the proceeds of the sale of our capital stock, the terms of the series of preferred stock may also provide that, if our capital stock is not sold or if the amount of
cash received is insufficient to pay in full the redemption price then due, the series of preferred stock will automatically be converted into shares of the applicable capital stock pursuant to conversion provisions specified in the prospectus
supplement. 
 
If we are redeeming fewer than all the outstanding shares of preferred stock of any series, whether by mandatory
or optional redemption, our board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board will determine the method for selecting the shares to be redeemed, which (unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement) may be by lot
or pro rata or in such other manner as the board of directors or any duly authorized committee of our board determines to be equitable. From and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accumulate on the shares of preferred stock called
for redemption up to the redemption date and all rights of the holders of those shares, except the right to receive the redemption price, will cease. 
 
In the event that we fail to pay full dividends, including accumulated but unpaid dividends, if any, on any series of preferred stock offered, we may not redeem that series in part and we may not purchase
or acquire any shares of that series of preferred stock, except by a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to all holders of that series of preferred stock. 

 
 
23 

Table of Contents

Conversion Rights 
 
The prospectus supplement will state the terms, if any, on which shares of the series of preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement are convertible into
shares of our common stock or other securities. As described under “— Redemption” above, under certain circumstances, preferred stock may be mandatorily convertible into our common stock or another series of our preferred stock.

 
Voting Rights 

Except as indicated below or in the applicable prospectus supplement, or except as expressly required by applicable law, the holders of
the preferred stock offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will not be entitled to vote. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, each share of preferred stock of each series will be entitled to one
vote on matters on which holders of that series of preferred stock are entitled to vote. However, as more fully described under “Description of Depositary Shares,” if we use this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement to offer
depositary shares representing a fractional interest in a share of a series of preferred stock, each depositary share, in effect, will be entitled to that fraction of a vote, rather than a full vote. If (unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus
supplement) each full share of any series of preferred stock offered is entitled to one vote, the voting power of that series will depend on the number of shares in that series, and not on the aggregate liquidation preference or initial offering
price of the shares of that series of preferred stock. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement, if, at any time
or times, the equivalent of an aggregate of six quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive, for any series of preferred stock being offered has not been paid, the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be automatically
increased by two and the holders of each outstanding series of preferred stock with such voting rights, together with holders of such other shares of any other class or series of parity preferred stock outstanding at the time upon which like voting
rights have been conferred and are exercisable, which we refer to as “voting parity stock,” voting together as a class, will be entitled to elect those additional two directors, which we refer to as “preferred directors,” at that
annual meeting and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until full dividends have been paid for at least four quarterly consecutive dividend periods. At that time such right will terminate, except as expressly provided in the applicable
certificate of designations or by law, subject to revesting. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of shares of preferred stock being offered and voting parity stock as a class to vote for directors as provided above, the preferred
directors will cease to be qualified as directors, the term of office of all preferred directors then in office will terminate immediately and the authorized number of directors will be reduced by the number of preferred directors elected. Any
preferred director may be removed and replaced at any time, with cause as provided by law or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of preferred stock voting together as a class with the holders of shares of voting parity
stock, to the extent the voting rights of such holders described above are then exercisable. Any vacancy created by removal with or without cause may be filled only as described in the preceding sentence. If the office of any preferred director
becomes vacant for any reason other than removal, the remaining preferred director may choose a successor who will hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. 

So long as any shares of the preferred stock being offered remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders
of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of the preferred stock being offered and any voting parity stock, voting together as a class, authorize, create or issue any capital stock ranking senior to the preferred stock being offered as to dividends or
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or reclassify any authorized capital stock into any such shares of such capital stock or issue any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase any such shares of capital
stock. So long as any shares of the preferred stock being offered remain outstanding, we will not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% in voting power of the preferred stock being offered, amend, alter or repeal any
provision of the applicable certificate of designations or our certificate of incorporation, including by merger, consolidation or otherwise, so as to adversely affect the powers, preferences or special rights of the preferred stock being offered.

 
 
24 

Table of Contents

Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following will be deemed to adversely affect
the powers, preferences or special rights of the preferred stock being offered: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
any increase in the amount of authorized common stock or authorized preferred stock, or any increase or decrease in the number of shares of any series
of preferred stock, or the authorization, creation and issuance of other classes or series of capital stock, in each case ranking on a parity with or junior to the preferred stock being offered as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
a merger or consolidation of JPMorgan Chase with or into another entity in which the shares of the preferred stock being offered remain outstanding;
and 
 
 

 

•

 

 
a merger or consolidation of JPMorgan Chase with or into another entity in which the shares of the preferred stock being offered are converted into or
exchanged for preference securities of the surviving entity or any entity, directly or indirectly, controlling such surviving entity and such new preference securities have powers, preferences and special rights that are not materially less
favorable than the preferred stock being offered; 
 
provided that if the amendment would adversely affect such series but not
any other series of outstanding preferred stock, then the amendment will only need to be approved by holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of the series of preferred stock adversely affected. 

Under regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve Board, if the holders of any series of our preferred stock become entitled to vote for
the election of directors because dividends on that series are in arrears, that series may then be deemed a “class of voting securities.” In such a case, a holder of 25% or more of the series, or a holder of 5% or more if that holder would
also be considered to exercise a “controlling influence” over JPMorgan Chase, may then be subject to regulation as a bank holding company in accordance with the Bank Holding Company Act. In addition, (1) any other bank holding company may
be required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire or retain 5% or more of that series, and (2) any person other than a bank holding company may be required to provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board prior to
acquiring or retaining 10% or more of that series. 
 
Outstanding Series of Preferred Stock 

Ranking
. Each of our Series I Preferred Stock, Series P Preferred Stock, Series Q Preferred Stock, Series R Preferred Stock, Series
S Preferred Stock, Series U Preferred Stock, Series V Preferred Stock, Series W Preferred Stock, Series X Preferred Stock, Series Y Preferred Stock, Series Z Preferred Stock, Series AA Preferred Stock, Series BB Preferred Stock, Series CC Preferred
Stock, Series DD Preferred Stock and Series EE Preferred Stock (each as defined below, and collectively, the “Outstanding Preferred Stock”) ranks senior to our common stock as well as any of our other stock that states it is expressly made
junior to such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up. 
 
Dividends
. We may not declare or pay or set apart for payment full dividends on any series of preferred stock ranking, as to dividends, equally with or junior to the Outstanding Preferred Stock
unless we have previously declared and paid or set apart for payment full dividends on the Outstanding Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period. When dividends are not paid in full on the Outstanding Preferred Stock and any
series of preferred stock ranking equally as to dividends, all dividends upon the Outstanding Preferred Stock and such equally ranking series will be declared and paid pro rata. 

With certain exceptions, unless we have paid or declared and set aside for payment full dividends on the Outstanding Preferred Stock for
the most recently completed dividend period, we will not: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
declare or make any dividend payment or distribution on any junior ranking stock, other than a dividend paid in junior ranking stock, or

 
 
25 

Table of Contents

 

•

 

 
redeem, purchase, otherwise acquire or set apart money for a sinking fund for the redemption of any junior or equally ranking stock, except by
conversion into or exchange for junior ranking stock. 
 
Rights Upon Liquidation
. In the event we
liquidate, dissolve or wind-up our business and affairs, either voluntarily or involuntarily, holders of the Outstanding Preferred Stock of each series will be entitled to receive liquidating distributions equal to the liquidation preference per
share for such series, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of undeclared dividends, before we make any distribution of assets to the holders of our common stock or any other class or series of shares ranking junior to the
Outstanding Preferred Stock of such series. 
 
Redemption
. We may redeem each series of Outstanding Preferred Stock on
the dates and at the redemption prices set forth below. In addition, we may redeem each series of Outstanding Preferred Stock (other than the Series I Preferred Stock) in whole, but not in part, at a redemption price equal to the liquidation
preference per share for each such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, following the occurrence of a capital treatment event. For these purposes, “capital treatment event” means the good faith
determination by JPMorgan Chase that, as a result of any: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
amendment to, or change or any announced prospective change in, the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the
United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any shares of such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any shares of such series of
Outstanding Preferred Stock; or 
 
 

 

•

 

 
official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws or
regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any shares of such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock, 
 
there is more than an insubstantial risk that JPMorgan Chase will not be entitled to treat an amount equal to the full liquidation amount of all shares of such series of Outstanding Preferred Stock then
outstanding as “additional Tier 1 capital” (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of such
series of Outstanding Preferred Stock is outstanding. Redemption of any Outstanding Preferred Stock is subject to our receipt of any required approvals from the Federal Reserve Board or any other regulatory authority. 

Voting Rights
. The Outstanding Preferred Stock has limited voting rights. Each share of Outstanding Preferred Stock has one vote
whenever it is entitled to voting rights. 
 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I

 
On April 23, 2008, we issued 600,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series I, $1 par
value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series I Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series I Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of preferred stock
of the series. 
 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series I Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board
of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, April 30, 2018 at a rate of 7.90% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears, on April 30 and October 30 of each year, beginning on October 30,
2008. From and including April 30, 2018, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or such committee thereof at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.47% per annum, payable quarterly, in
arrears, on January 30, April 30, July 30 and October 30 of each year. Dividends on the Series I Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 

 
 
26 

Table of Contents

Redemption
. The Series I Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment
date on or after April 30, 2018, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. On October 30, 2018, we redeemed 169,925 of the
outstanding shares of Series I Preferred Stock. 
 
5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P 

On February 5, 2013, we issued 90,000 shares of 5.45% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series P, $1 par value, with a liquidation
preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series P Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series P Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 

Dividends
. Dividends on the Series P Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly
authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 5.45% per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2013. Dividends on the Series P Preferred Stock are neither mandatory
nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
. The Series P Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after
March 1, 2018, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series P Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a
“capital treatment event”, as described above. 
 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series
Q 
 
On April 23, 2013, we issued 150,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Q, $1
par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series Q Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series Q Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of preferred
stock of the series. 
 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series Q Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our
board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, May 1, 2023 at a rate of 5.15% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears, on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on November 1,
2013. From and including May 1, 2023, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.25% per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears, on February 1, May
1, August 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on August 1, 2023. Dividends on the Series Q Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
. The Series Q Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after May 1, 2023, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent
to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series Q Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment event”, as described above. 

Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series R 

On July 29, 2013, we issued 150,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series R, $1 par value, with a
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series R Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series R Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of preferred stock of the series.

 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series R Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors
or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, August 1, 2023 at a rate of 6.00% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears, on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning on February 1, 2014. From
and including August 1, 2023, dividends will be paid when, as, and if 

 
 
27 

Table of Contents

declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.30% per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears, on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November
1 of each year, beginning on November 1, 2023. Dividends on the Series R Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 

Redemption
. The Series R Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after August 1, 2023, in whole or in
part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series R Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment
event”, as described above. 
 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series S 

On January 22, 2014, we issued 200,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series S, $1 par value, with a
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series S Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series S Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of preferred stock of the series.

 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series S Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors
or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, February 1, 2024 at a rate of 6.750% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning on February 1, 2014. From
and including February 1, 2024, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.78% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on February 1, May 1,
August 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2024. Dividends on the Series S Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
. The Series S Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after February 1, 2024, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent
to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series S Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 

Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series U 

On March 10, 2014, we issued 100,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series U, $1 par value, with a
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series U Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series U Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of preferred stock of the series.

 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series U Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors
or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, April 30, 2024 at a rate of 6.125% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on April 30 and October 30 of each year, beginning on October 30, 2014. From
and including April 30, 2024, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.33% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on January 30, April 30, July
30 and October 30 of each year, beginning on July 30, 2024. Dividends on the Series U Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
. The Series U Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after April 30, 2024, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share
(equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series U Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 

Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series V 

On June 9, 2014, we issued 250,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series V, $1 par value, with a
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series V Preferred Stock”). 

 
 
28 

Table of Contents

Shares of the Series V Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 

Dividends
. Dividends on the Series V Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly
authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, July 1, 2019 at a rate of 5.00% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on January 1 and July 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2015. From and including July
1, 2019, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.32% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of
each year, beginning on October 1, 2019. Dividends on the Series V Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 

Redemption
. The Series V Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after July 1, 2019, in whole or
in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series V Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment
event,” as described above. 
 
6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W 

On June 23, 2014 and June 27, 2014, we issued an aggregate of 88,000 shares of 6.30% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series W, $1 par
value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series W Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series W Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred stock of
the series. 
 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series W Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 6.30% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2014. Dividends on the Series W Preferred Stock
are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
. The Series W Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment
date on or after September 1, 2019, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series W Preferred Stock following the
occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 
 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series X 
 
On September 23, 2014, we issued 160,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series X, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series X Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series X Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth
interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 
 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series X Preferred Stock are payable
when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, October 1, 2024 at a rate of 6.10% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on April 1 and October 1 of
each year, beginning on April 1, 2015. From and including October 1, 2024, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.33% per annum, payable
quarterly in arrears, on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2025. Dividends on the Series X Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 

Redemption
. The Series X Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after October 1, 2024, in whole or in
part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series X Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment
event,” as described above. 

 
 
29 

Table of Contents

6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Y 

On February 12, 2015, we issued an aggregate of 143,000 shares of 6.125% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series Y, $1 par value, with a
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series Y Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series Y Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series.

 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series Y Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors
or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 6.125% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2015. Dividends on the Series Y Preferred Stock are neither
mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
. The Series Y Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or
after March 1, 2020, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series Y Preferred Stock following the occurrence of
a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 
 
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,
Series Z 
 
On April 21, 2015, we issued 200,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series
Z, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series Z Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series Z Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of
preferred stock of the series. 
 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series Z Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if
declared by our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, May 1, 2020 at a rate of 5.30% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning
on November 1, 2015. From and including May 1, 2020, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 3.80% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on
February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on August 1, 2020. Dividends on the Series Z Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
. The Series Z Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after May 1, 2020, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent
to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series Z Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 

6.10% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series AA 
 
On June 4, 2015, we issued an aggregate of 142,500 shares of 6.10% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series AA, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series AA
Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series AA Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 

Dividends
. Dividends on the Series AA Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of directors or a duly
authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 6.10% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2015. Dividends on the Series AA Preferred Stock are neither
mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
. The Series AA Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or
after September 1, 2020, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series AA Preferred Stock following the
occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 

 
 
30 

Table of Contents

6.15% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series BB 

On July 29, 2015, we issued an aggregate of 115,000 shares of 6.15% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series BB, $1 par value, with a
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series BB Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series BB Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series.

 
Dividends
.
 
Dividends on the Series BB Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by
our board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 6.15% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2015. Dividends on the Series BB
Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
.
 
The Series BB Preferred Stock
may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after September 1, 2020, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem
the Series BB Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 

Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series CC 

On October 20, 2017, we issued 125,750 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series CC, $1 par value, with a
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series CC Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series CC Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a one-tenth interest in a share of preferred stock of the
series. 
 
Dividends
. Dividends on the Series CC Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, from the date of issuance to, but excluding, November 1, 2022 at a rate of 4.625% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, on May 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on May 1, 2018.
From and including November 1, 2022, dividends will be paid when, as, and if declared by our board or such committee at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 2.58% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on February 1, May 1,
August 1 and November 1 of each year, beginning on February 1, 2023. Dividends on the Series CC Preferred Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption
. The Series CC Preferred Stock may be redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after November 1, 2022, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share
(equivalent to $1,000 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series CC Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 

5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series DD 
 
On September 21, 2018, we issued an aggregate of 169,625 shares of 5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series DD, $1 par value, with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series DD
Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series DD Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series. 

Dividends.
 
Dividends on the Series DD Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our board of
directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 5.75% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2018. Dividends on the Series DD Preferred Stock
are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption.
 
The Series DD Preferred Stock may be redeemed on
any dividend payment date on or after December 1, 2023, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series DD
Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 

 
 
31 

Table of Contents

6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series EE 

On January 24, 2019, we issued an aggregate of 185,000 shares of 6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series EE, $1 par value, with a
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series EE Preferred Stock”). Shares of the Series EE Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/400th interest in a share of preferred stock of the series.

 
Dividends.
 
Dividends on the Series EE Preferred Stock are payable when, as, and if declared by our
board of directors or a duly authorized committee of our board, at a rate of 6.00% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2019. Dividends on the Series EE Preferred
Stock are neither mandatory nor cumulative. 
 
Redemption.
 
The Series EE Preferred Stock may be
redeemed on any dividend payment date on or after March 1, 2024, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to $10,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends. We may also redeem the Series EE
Preferred Stock following the occurrence of a “capital treatment event,” as described above. 

 
 
32 

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES 

General. 
We may, at our option, elect to offer depositary shares representing fractional interests in shares of preferred stock.
If we do, we will arrange the issuance by a depositary of receipts for depositary shares, and each of those depositary shares will represent a fractional interest in a share of a particular series of preferred stock. We will specify that fractional
interest in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 
The shares of any series of preferred stock underlying the depositary
shares offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will be deposited under a deposit agreement between us and a depositary selected by us. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each owner of a depositary share
will be entitled, in proportion to the applicable fractional interest in the share of preferred stock underlying that depositary share, to all the powers, preferences and rights of the preferred stock underlying that depositary share, in proportion
to the applicable fractional interest in a share of the preferred stock which those depositary shares represent. Those rights include dividend, voting, redemption, conversion and liquidation rights. 

The depositary shares offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement will be evidenced by depositary receipts
issued under the deposit agreement. The depositary will issue depositary receipts to those persons who purchase the fractional interests in the preferred stock underlying the depositary shares, in accordance with the terms of the offering. The
following summary of the deposit agreement, the depositary shares and the depositary receipts is not complete. You should refer to the forms of the deposit agreement and depositary receipts that are filed as exhibits to the registration statement.

 
Dividends and Other Distributions.
 The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions
received in respect of the preferred stock to the record holders of related depositary receipts in proportion to the number of depositary shares owned by those holders. 
 
If we make a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the record holders of depositary receipts that are entitled to receive the distribution as nearly as
practicable in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by each holder, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make the distribution. If this occurs, the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method of
distribution that it deems practicable, including the sale of the property and distribution of the net proceeds from the sale to the applicable holders of the depositary receipts. 

Redemption of Depositary Shares.
 Upon redemption, in whole or in part, of shares of any series of preferred stock that are held by
the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing the shares of preferred stock so redeemed. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to the applicable fraction of
the redemption price per share payable with respect to that series of the preferred stock. 
 
Depositary shares called for
redemption will no longer be outstanding after the applicable redemption date, and all rights of the holders of those depositary shares will cease, except the right to receive any money, securities, or other property upon surrender to the depositary
of the depositary receipts evidencing those depositary shares. 
 
Voting the Preferred Stock.
 Upon receipt of notice of
any meeting at which the holders of preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in the notice of meeting to the record holders of the depositary shares representing that preferred stock. Each record
holder of those depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the preferred stock, will be entitled to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights pertaining to the amount of the
preferred stock underlying that holder’s depositary shares. The depositary will try, to the extent practicable, to vote the number of shares of preferred stock underlying those depositary shares in accordance with those instructions, and we
will agree to take all action that the depositary deems necessary in order to enable the depositary to do so. The depositary will not vote the shares of preferred stock to the extent it does not receive specific instructions from the holders of
depositary shares representing the preferred stock. 

 
 
33 

Table of Contents

Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement.
 We and the depositary may
amend the form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement at any time regarding any depositary shares offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. However, any
amendment that materially and adversely alters the rights of the holders of depositary shares or would be materially and adversely inconsistent with the rights granted to holders of the underlying preferred stock pursuant to our certificate of
incorporation will not be effective unless the amendment has been approved by the holders of at least a majority of the depositary shares then outstanding. The deposit agreement may be terminated by us or by the depositary only if: 

 

 

•

 

 
all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or 

 

 

•

 

 
there has been a final distribution of the underlying preferred stock in connection with our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and the preferred
stock has been distributed to the holders of depositary receipts. 
 
Charges of Depositary.
 We will pay
all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements regarding any depositary shares offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. We will also pay
charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the preferred stock and any redemption of the preferred stock. Holders of depositary receipts will pay transfer and other taxes and governmental charges and other charges with
respect to their depositary receipts as expressly provided in the deposit agreement. 
 
Resignation and Removal of
Depositary.
 The depositary for the depositary shares offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement may resign at any time by delivering a notice to us of its election to do so. We may remove the depositary at any
time. Any such resignation or removal will take effect upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of its appointment. We must appoint a successor depositary within 60 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or
removal. 
 
Miscellaneous.
 The depositary will forward to holders of depositary receipts all reports and communications
from us that we deliver to the depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. 
 
Neither
we nor the depositary will be liable if either of us is prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond our control in performing our respective obligations under the deposit agreement. Our obligations and those of the depositary will be
limited to performing in good faith our respective duties under the deposit agreement. Neither we nor the depositary will be obligated to prosecute or defend any legal proceeding relating to any depositary shares or preferred stock unless
satisfactory indemnity is furnished. We and the depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants, or upon information provided by persons presenting preferred stock for deposit, holders of depositary receipts or other persons we
believe to be competent, and on documents we believe to be genuine. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK

 
As of the date of this prospectus, we are authorized to issue up to 9,000,000,000 shares of common stock. As of December
31, 2018, we had 4,104,933,895 shares of common stock issued (excluding 829,167,674 shares held in treasury). 
 
The following
summary is not complete. You should refer to the applicable provisions of our certificate of incorporation and to the DGCL for a complete statement of the terms and rights of our common stock. 

Dividends.
 Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends if, as and when declared by our board of directors out of
funds legally available for payment, subject to the rights of holders of our preferred stock. 

 
 
34 

Table of Contents

Voting Rights.
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share.
Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of preferred stock under its applicable certificate of designations and applicable law, all voting rights are vested in the holders of shares of our common stock. Holders of shares of our
common stock have noncumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect 100% of the directors and the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any
directors. 
 
Rights Upon Liquidation.
 In the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share equally in any of our assets available for distribution after we have paid in full all of our debts and after the holders of all series of our outstanding preferred stock have
received their liquidation preferences in full. 
 
Miscellaneous.
 The issued and outstanding shares of common stock are
fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of shares of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or to the benefit of any sinking funds. Our common stock is not convertible into shares of any other class of our capital stock. Computershare
Inc is the transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursement agent for our common stock. 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES WARRANTS 

We may issue securities warrants for the purchase of debt securities, preferred stock or common stock. We may issue securities warrants
independently or together with debt securities, preferred stock, common stock or other securities, other property or any combination of those securities in the form of units. Each series of securities warrants will be issued under a separate
securities warrant agreement to be entered into between us and a bank or trust company (which may be the Bank), as warrant agent. The warrant agent will act solely as our agent under the applicable securities warrant agreement and will not assume
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any registered holders or beneficial owners of securities warrants. This summary of certain provisions of the securities warrants and the securities warrant agreement is not
complete. You should refer to the securities warrant agreement relating to the specific securities warrants being offered, including the forms of securities warrant certificates representing those securities warrants, for the complete terms of the
securities warrant agreement and the securities warrants. Forms of those documents are filed as exhibits to the registration statement. 
 
Each securities warrant will entitle the holder to purchase the principal amount of debt securities or the number of shares of preferred stock or common stock at the exercise price set forth in, or
calculable as set forth in, the applicable prospectus supplement. The exercise price may be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, as set forth in the prospectus supplement. We will also specify in the prospectus supplement the
place or places where, and the manner in which, securities warrants may be exercised. After the close of business on the expiration date of the securities warrants, unexercised securities warrants will become void. 

Prior to the exercise of any securities warrants, holders of the securities warrants will not have any of the rights of holders of the
debt securities, preferred stock or common stock, as the case may be, that may be purchased upon exercise of those securities warrants, including, (1) in the case of securities warrants for the purchase of debt securities, the right to receive
payments of principal of, and premium, if any, or interest, if any, on those debt securities or to enforce covenants in the senior indenture or subordinated indenture, as the case may be, or (2) in the case of securities warrants for the purchase of
preferred stock or common stock, the right to receive payments of dividends, if any, on that preferred stock or common stock or to exercise any applicable right to vote. 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CURRENCY WARRANTS 
 
We have
described below certain general terms and provisions of the currency warrants that we may offer. We will describe the particular terms of the currency warrants and the extent, if any, to which the general provisions described below do not apply to
the currency warrants offered in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following summary is not complete. You should refer to the currency warrants and the currency 

 
 
35 

Table of Contents

warrant agreement relating to the specific currency warrants being offered for the complete terms of those currency warrants. Forms of those documents are filed as exhibits to the registration
statement. 
 
We will issue each issue of currency warrants under a currency warrant agreement to be entered into between us and
a bank or trust company (which may be the Bank), as warrant agent. The warrant agent will act solely as our agent under the applicable currency warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with,
any holders of currency warrants. 
 
We may issue currency warrants either in the form of: 

 

 

•

 

 
currency put warrants, which entitle the holders to receive from us the cash settlement value in U.S. dollars of the right to sell a specified amount
of a specified foreign currency or composite currency (the “designated currency”) for a specified amount of U.S. dollars; or 
 
 

 

•

 

 
currency call warrants, which entitle the holders to receive from us the cash settlement value in U.S. dollars of the right to purchase a specified
amount of a designated currency for a specified amount of U.S. dollars. 
 
As a prospective purchaser of
currency warrants, you should be aware of special United States federal income tax considerations applicable to instruments such as the currency warrants. The prospectus supplement relating to each issue of currency warrants will describe those tax
considerations. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will issue the currency warrants in
the form of global currency warrant certificates, registered in the name of a depositary or its nominee. See “Book-Entry Issuance” below. 
 
Each issue of currency warrants will be listed on a national securities exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance, as a condition of sale of that issue of currency warrants. In the event that
the currency warrants are delisted from, or permanently suspended from trading on, the applicable national securities exchange, the expiration date for those currency warrants will be the date the delisting or trading suspension becomes effective,
and currency warrants not previously exercised will be deemed automatically exercised on that expiration date. The applicable currency warrant agreement will contain a covenant from us that we will not seek to delist the currency warrants or suspend
their trading on the applicable national securities exchange unless we have concurrently arranged for listing on another national securities exchange. 
 
Currency warrants involve a high degree of risk, including risks arising from fluctuations in the price of the underlying currency, foreign exchange risks and the risk that the currency warrants will
expire worthless. Further, the cash settlement value of currency warrants at any time prior to exercise or expiration may be less than the trading value of the currency warrants. The trading value of the currency warrants will fluctuate because that
value is dependent, at any time, on a number of factors, including the time remaining to exercise the currency warrants, the relationship between the exercise price of the currency warrants and the price of the designated currency, and the exchange
rate associated with the designated currency. Because currency warrants are unsecured obligations of JPMorgan Chase, changes in our perceived creditworthiness may also be expected to affect the trading prices of currency warrants. Finally, the
amount of actual cash settlement of a currency warrant may vary as a result of fluctuations in the price of the designated currency between the time you give instructions to exercise the currency warrant and the time the exercise is actually
effected. 
 
As a prospective purchaser of currency warrants you should be prepared to sustain a loss of some or all of the
purchase price of your currency warrants. You should also be experienced with respect to options and option transactions and should reach an investment decision only after careful consideration with your advisers of the suitability of the currency
warrants in light of your particular financial circumstances. You should also consider the information set forth under “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement relating to the particular issue of currency warrants being offered and to
the other information regarding the currency warrants and the designated currency set forth in the prospectus supplement. 

 
 
36 

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF UNITS 

We
 
may issue units that will consist of any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, common stock and warrants issued by
us, depositary shares representing preferred stock issued by us, debt obligations or other securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property. We may issue units in one or more series, which will be described in the
applicable prospectus supplement. Each series of units will be issued under a separate unit agreement to be entered into between us and a bank or trust company (which may be the Bank), as unit agent. The below summary of certain provisions of the
units and unit agreements is not complete. You should refer to the unit agreement for the complete terms of the unit agreement and the units. Forms of those documents will be filed as exhibits to or incorporated by reference in the registration
statement. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, each unit will be issued so that the holder of
the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may provide that the securities
included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified date. We will describe the particular terms of any series of units being offered in the prospectus supplement relating to that series of
units. Those terms may include: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
the designation and the terms of the units and any combination of debt securities, preferred stock, common stock and warrants issued by us, depositary
shares representing preferred stock issued by us, debt obligations or other securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property constituting the units, including and whether and under what circumstances the debt
securities, preferred stock, common stock and warrants issued by us, depositary shares representing preferred stock issued by us, debt obligations or other securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other securities may be
traded separately; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
any additional terms of the governing unit agreement; 

 

 

•

 

 
any additional provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the debt securities, preferred stock, common
stock and warrants issued by us, depositary shares representing preferred stock issued by us, debt obligations or other securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property constituting the units; and

 
 

 

•

 

 
any applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences. 
 
The terms and conditions described under “Description of Debt Securities,” “Description of Preferred Stock,” “Description of Common Stock,” “Description of Securities
Warrants” and “Description of Currency Warrants” will apply to each unit and to any debt securities, preferred stock, common stock or warrants issued by us, depositary shares representing preferred stock issued by us, debt obligations
or other securities of an entity affiliated or not affiliated with us or other property included in each unit, unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. 

An investment in units may involve special risks, including risks associated with indexed securities and currency-related risks if the
securities comprising the units are linked to an index or are payable in or otherwise linked to a non-U.S. dollar currency. 

 
 
37 

Table of Contents

BOOK-ENTRY ISSUANCE 

We may issue series of any securities as global securities and deposit them with a depositary with respect to that series for settlement
and clearance through a book-entry settlement system, as indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following is a summary of the depositary arrangements applicable to securities issued in permanent global form and for which The
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) will act as depositary (the “global securities”). 
 
Each global security
will be deposited with, or on behalf of, DTC, as depositary, or its nominee and registered in the name of a nominee of DTC. Except under the limited circumstances described below, global securities will not be exchangeable for certificated
securities. 
 
Only institutions that have accounts with DTC or its nominee (“DTC participants”) or persons that may
hold interests through DTC participants may own beneficial interests in a global security. DTC will maintain records evidencing ownership of beneficial interests by DTC participants in the global securities and transfers of those ownership
interests. DTC participants will maintain records evidencing ownership of beneficial interests in the global securities by persons that hold through those DTC participants and transfers of those ownership interests within those DTC participants. DTC
has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the securities. You will not receive written confirmation from DTC of your purchase, but we do expect that you will receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as
periodic statements of your holdings, from the DTC participant through which you entered the transaction. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of those securities in certificated form.
Those laws may impair your ability to transfer beneficial interests in a global security. 
 
DTC has advised us that upon the
issuance of a global security and the deposit of that global security with DTC, DTC will immediately credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the respective principal amounts or number of shares represented by that global security
to the accounts of DTC participants. 
 
We will make payments on securities represented by a global security to DTC or its
nominee, as the case may be, as the registered owner and holder of the global security representing those securities. DTC has advised us that upon receipt of any payment on a global security, DTC will immediately credit accounts of DTC participants
with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in that security, as shown in the records of DTC. Standing instructions and customary practices will govern payments by DTC participants to owners of beneficial
interests in a global security held through those DTC participants, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name.” Those payments will be the sole responsibility of
those DTC participants, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements in effect from time to time. 
 
None of JPMorgan
Chase, the trustees, the depositary or any of our respective agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of DTC, any nominee or any DTC participant relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial interests
in a global security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of the records of DTC, any nominee or any DTC participant relating to those beneficial interests. 
 
A global security is exchangeable for certificated securities registered in the name of a person other than DTC or its nominee only if: 

 

 

•

 

 
DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for that global security or DTC ceases to be registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
we determine in our discretion that the global security will be exchangeable for certificated securities in registered form; or

 
 

 

•

 

 
if applicable to the particular type of security, there shall have occurred and be continuing an event of default or an event which, with notice or the
lapse of time or both, would constitute an event of default under the securities. 

 
 
38 

Table of Contents

Any global security that is exchangeable as described in the preceding sentence will be
exchangeable in whole for certificated securities in registered form, and, in the case of global debt securities, of like tenor and of an equal aggregate principal amount as the global security, in denominations of $1,000 and integral multiples of
$1,000 (or in denominations and integral multiples as otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement). The registrar for the securities will register the certificated securities in the name or names instructed by DTC. We expect that
those instructions may be based upon directions received by DTC from DTC participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the global security. In the case of global debt securities, we will make payment of any principal and interest
on the certificated securities and will register transfers and exchanges of those certificated securities at the corporate trust office of The Bank of New York Mellon or any successor paying agent that we may designate. However, we may elect to pay
interest by check mailed to the address of the person entitled to that interest payment as of the record date, as shown on the register for the securities. 
 
Except as provided above, as an owner of a beneficial interest in a global security, you will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of securities in certificated form and will not be considered a
holder of securities for any purpose under either of the indentures. No global security will be exchangeable except for another global security of like denomination and tenor to be registered in the name of DTC or its nominee. Accordingly, you must
rely on the procedures of DTC and the DTC participant through which you own your interest to exercise any rights of a holder under the global security or the applicable indenture. 

We understand that, under existing industry practices, in the event that we request any action of holders, or an owner of a beneficial
interest in a global security desires to take any action that a holder is entitled to take under the securities or the indentures, DTC would authorize the DTC participants holding the relevant beneficial interests to take that action, and those DTC
participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through those DTC participants to take that action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners owning through them. 

DTC has advised us that DTC is a limited purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a “banking
organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
If specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, investors may elect to hold
interests in the global securities deposited with DTC outside the United States through Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”) or Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”), if they are
participants in those systems, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in those systems. Clearstream and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf of their participants through customers’ securities accounts in
Clearstream’s and Euroclear’s names on the books of their respective depositaries. Those depositaries in turn hold those interests in customers’ securities accounts in the depositaries’ names on the books of DTC. Unless otherwise
specified in the prospectus supplement, The Bank of New York Mellon will act as depositary for each of Clearstream and Euroclear in the case of global debt securities. 
 
Clearstream has advised us that it is incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg as a professional depositary. Clearstream holds securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement
of securities transactions between its participants through electronic book-entry transfers between their accounts. Clearstream provides its participants with, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of
internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream interfaces with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. As a professional depositary,
Clearstream is subject to regulation by the Luxembourg Commission for the Supervision of the Financial Sector, also known as the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier
. Clearstream participants are recognized financial institutions
around the world, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and other organizations. Clearstream’s participants in the United States are limited to securities brokers and dealers and
banks. Indirect access to Clearstream is also available to other institutions such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with Clearstream participants. 

 
 
39 

Table of Contents

Distributions with respect to interests in global securities held through Clearstream
will be credited to cash accounts of its customers in accordance with its rules and procedures, to the extent received by the U.S. depositary for Clearstream. 
 
Euroclear has advised us that it was created in 1968 to hold securities for its participants and to clear and settle transactions between Euroclear participants through simultaneous electronic book-entry
delivery against payment, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates and any risk from lack of simultaneous transfers of securities and cash. Euroclear provides various other services, including securities lending and
borrowing, and interfaces with domestic markets in several countries. Euroclear is operated by Euroclear Bank SA/NV under contract with Euroclear plc, a U.K. corporation. Euroclear participants include banks, including central banks, securities
brokers and dealers and other professional financial intermediaries. Indirect access to Euroclear is also available to other firms that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear participant, either directly or indirectly.

 
Distributions with respect to interests in global securities held beneficially through Euroclear will be credited to the cash
accounts of Euroclear participants in accordance with Euroclear’s terms and conditions and operating procedures and applicable Belgian law, to the extent received by the U.S. depositary for Euroclear. 

Global Clearance and Settlement Procedures 
 
Unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of global securities, initial settlement for global securities will be made in immediately available funds. DTC
participants will conduct secondary market trading with other DTC participants in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC rules. Thereafter, secondary market trades will settle in immediately available funds using DTC’s same day funds
settlement system. 
 
If the prospectus supplement specifies that interests in the global securities may be held through
Clearstream or Euroclear, Clearstream customers and/or Euroclear participants will conduct secondary market trading with other Clearstream customers and/or Euroclear participants in the ordinary way in accordance with the applicable rules and
operating procedures of Clearstream and Euroclear. Thereafter, secondary market trades will settle in immediately available funds. 
 
Cross-market transfers between persons holding directly or indirectly through DTC on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream customers or Euroclear participants, on the other, will be
effected in DTC in accordance with DTC’s rules on behalf of the relevant European international clearing system by the U.S. depositary for that system; however, those cross-market transactions will require delivery by the counterparty in the
relevant European international clearing system of instructions to that system in accordance with its rules and procedures and within its established deadlines (European time). The relevant European international clearing system will, if the
transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to the U.S. depositary for that system to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving interests in global securities in DTC, and making or
receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Clearstream customers and Euroclear participants may not deliver instructions directly to DTC. 

Because of time-zone differences, credits of interests in global securities received in Clearstream or Euroclear as a result of a
transaction with a DTC participant will be made during subsequent securities settlement processing and will be credited the business day following the DTC settlement date. Those credits or any transactions in global securities settled during that
processing will be reported to the relevant Euroclear participants or Clearstream customers on that business day. Cash received in Clearstream or Euroclear as a result of sales of interests in global securities by or through a Clearstream customer
or a Euroclear participant to a DTC participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant Clearstream or Euroclear cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC. 

Although DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear have agreed to the procedures described above in order to facilitate transfers of interests in
global securities among DTC participants, Clearstream and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform those procedures and those procedures may be discontinued at any time. 

 
 
40 

Table of Contents

Special Provisions Relating to Certain Foreign Currency Securities 

If specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, book-entry securities denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars may be held
directly through participants in the systems of Clearstream or Euroclear, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in such systems. Such securities will be issued in the form of one or more global certificates (the
“international global securities”), which will be registered in the name of a nominee for, and shall be deposited with, a common depositary for Clearstream and/or Euroclear. If a particular tranche or series of securities is issued
utilizing both a global security and an international global security, in order to allow transfers between account holders utilizing the different book-entry systems the registrar will adjust the amounts of the global securities on the register for
the accounts of the nominees for the respective systems. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus
supplement, with respect to an international global security, distributions of principal and interest for a global debt security and dividends for a global equity security will be credited, in the specified currency, to the extent received by
Clearstream or Euroclear, to the cash accounts of Clearstream or Euroclear customers in accordance with the relevant system’s rules and procedures. If the prospectus supplement provides for both a global security and an international global
security or if a beneficial interest in a global security is held by a participant in Clearstream or Euroclear, then a holder of a beneficial interest in a global security will receive all payments in U.S. dollars in accordance with DTC’s rules
and procedures, unless it has, or participants through which it holds its beneficial interest have, made other arrangements. 
 
Relationship
of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, each of the
persons shown in the records of Clearstream, Euroclear or any other clearing system as the holder of the securities represented by the global securities must look solely to Clearstream or Euroclear for such holder’s share of each payment made
by or on behalf of JPMorgan Chase to Clearstream or Euroclear, and in relation to all other rights arising under the global securities, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Clearstream or Euroclear. Such persons
shall have no claim directly against JPMorgan Chase in respect of payments due on the securities for so long as the securities are represented by global securities and such obligations of JPMorgan Chase will be discharged by payment to Clearstream
or Euroclear in respect of each amount so paid. 

 
 
41 

Table of Contents

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 

We may sell the debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock, securities warrants, currency warrants or units being
offered by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement: 
 
 

 

•

 

 
through underwriters; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
through dealers; 
 
 

 

•

 

 
through agents; or 
 
 

 

•

 

 
directly to purchasers. 
 
We will set forth the terms of the offering of any securities being offered in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 
If we utilize underwriters in an offering of securities using this prospectus, we will execute an underwriting agreement with those underwriters. The underwriting agreement will provide that the
obligations of the underwriters with respect to a sale of the offered securities are subject to certain conditions precedent and that the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all the offered securities if any are purchased, other than
securities subject to an underwriter’s overallotment option. Underwriters may sell those securities to or through dealers. The underwriters may change any initial public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or
paid to dealers from time to time. If we utilize underwriters in an offering of securities using this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement will contain a statement regarding the intention, if any, of the underwriters to make a market in
the offered securities. 
 
If we utilize a dealer in an offering of securities using this prospectus, we will sell the offered
securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell those securities to the public at a fixed price or at varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of resale. 

We may also use this prospectus to offer and sell securities through agents designated by us from time to time. Unless otherwise
indicated in the prospectus supplement, any agent will be acting on a reasonable efforts basis for the period of its appointment. 
 
Underwriters, dealers or agents participating in a distribution of securities by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement may be deemed to be underwriters, and any discounts and
commissions received by them and any profit realized by them on resale of the offered securities, whether received from us or from purchasers of offered securities for whom they act as agent, may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and
commissions under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
Under agreements that we may enter into, underwriters, dealers or agents who
participate in the distribution of securities by use of this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement may be entitled to indemnification by us against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, or to
contribution with respect to payments that those underwriters, dealers or agents may be required to make. 
 
We may offer to
sell securities either at a fixed price or at prices that may be changed, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. 

Underwriters, dealers, agents or their affiliates may be customers of, engage in transactions with, or perform services for, us and our
subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. 
 
Our direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, including J.P. Morgan
Securities LLC, may use this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement in connection with offers and sales of securities in the secondary market. Those subsidiaries may act as principal or agent in those transactions. Secondary market
sales will be made at prices related to prevailing market prices at the time of sale. 

 
 
42 

Table of Contents

We may also use this prospectus to directly solicit offers to purchase securities.
Except as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, none of our directors, officers, or employees nor those of our bank subsidiaries will solicit or receive a commission in connection with those direct sales. Those persons may respond to
inquiries by potential purchasers and perform ministerial and clerical work in connection with direct sales. 
 
Conflicts of Interest

 
We own directly or indirectly all the outstanding equity securities of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. The underwriting
arrangements for any offering pursuant to this prospectus will comply with the requirements of Rule 5121 of the regulations of FINRA regarding a FINRA member firm’s underwriting of securities of an affiliate. In accordance with Rule 5121, J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC may not make sales pursuant to this prospectus to any discretionary account without the prior approval of the customer. 
 
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The financial statements and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is
included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) incorporated in this prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of JPMorgan Chase for the year ended December 31, 2018 have been so incorporated
in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 

LEGAL OPINIONS 
 
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, New York, New York, will provide an opinion for us regarding the validity of the offered securities and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, New York, New York, will
provide such an opinion for the underwriters. Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP acts as legal counsel to us and our subsidiaries in a substantial number of matters on a regular basis. 

 
 
43 

Table of Contents